A year of vulnerabilities  
in review and a look aheadPRIORITYONE
REPORT 20222 PRIORITY ONE REPORT 2022
Contents
Key Industry Trends 5
Long Tail of Vulnerabilities 6
Security as a Brand in FinServ 6
Rise in Incentives in Software 6
Government Adoption on the Fast Track 6
Top 10 Vulnerability Types 7
Lifecycle of Vulnerability Incentives 8
Key Vulnerability Trends  9
Ransomware Hits Main Street (and the Hounds are Released) 10
Attack Surfaces and Supply Chains Exposed 10
Use of N-days by APTs 11
From Penetration Testing, to Crowdsourced, to Multisourced 11
Policy Changes: Striving for Clarity 12
Bugcrowd Security Knowledge Platform™  13Executive Summary  3
Report Highlights  43 PRIORITY ONE REPORT 2022
Executive Summary
Judging by activity on the Bugcrowd 
Security Knowledge Platform™ in 2021, 
growth in crowdsourced security carried 
over from 2020, driven by the shift to hybrid/
remote workplaces and re-imagined supply 
chains during the global pandemic and the 
digital transformation that followed.
With the dust starting to settle but the cybersecurity 
skills gap still in force (with an estimated 2.7 
million cybersecurity roles still to be filled at 
the time of this writing), the data suggests that 
organizations are increasingly turning to the 
Bugcrowd platform’s combination of data-driven 
insights, technology, and human intelligence 
(including the global security researcher 
community, aka “the Crowd”) to address, as 
efficiently as possible, critical bugs they've incurred 
during the digital transformation process.
In the software and financial services sectors in 
particular, we have seen evidence of increases 
not only in activity as a function of clearing a long 
tail of security debt, but also in severity levels and 
the payouts made to incentivize their discovery.
In its 2021 cybersecurity report , Accenture 
found that the vast majority of respondents (81%, 
compared to 69% in 2020) believe that "the cost 
of staying ahead of attackers is unsustainable." We believe that this perception of a losing battle, 
despite the billions of dollars spent collectively 
on cybersecurity technology, continued to fuel 
an interest in more innovative and proactive 
approaches, such as Bugcrowd, in 2021.
For this 2022 edition of the Priority One Report, 
we’ve analyzed the large amount of vulnerability 
data processed by the Bugcrowd Security 
Knowledge Platform™ throughout the third 
quarter of 2021 to uncover key insights about 
these trends, which we expect will continue into 
2022. (Note: This time period does not capture 
the discovery of the massive Log4j vulnerability 
that was discovered in December 2021.) We also 
provide our point of view about key risks and 
policy drivers for security-minded organizations 
in 2021 based on direct customer experiences.
Finally, we’ve included some highlights 
from Bugcrowd’s complementary flagship 
report, Inside the Mind of a Hacker 2021.
3 PRIORITY ONE REPORT 202281%
believe that “the cost of
staying ahead of attackers
is unsustainable”4 PRIORITY ONE REPORT 2022
Ransomware  
went mainstream and 
governments respondedREPORT HIGHLIGHTS
24%
of all valid submissions 
were P1s or P2s
186%
P1 submissions increase 
in the FinServ sector
XSS was the most 
commonly identified 
vulnerability type
Supply Chains
became a primary 
attack surface“Policy Fog”  
 started to clear82%
Valid submissions increase 
in the FinServ sector
73%
Payouts increase in 
the Software sector
Sensitive Data Exposure moved to #3 from #9 on the list 
of top 10 most commonly identified vulnerability types106%
Payouts increase in 
the FinServ sector
1000%
Total valid submissions 
increase in the Govt. sector
Penetration  
Testing entered 
a renaissance
N-days became  
the new 0-day 
vulnerabilityLast year’s report noted an 
uptick in valid submissions 
as more companies turned to 
Bugcrowd for crowdsourced 
security. The 2021 data tells 
us that this growth was not a 
temporary spike, but rather a 
sustained shift brought on by the security demands of our 
new hybrid work environment. 
That observation was supported 
by an increase in payouts 
relative to valid submissions in 
2021—i.e., an increase in the 
perceived value of a bug.Industry Trends
Putting a price on bugs
5 PRIORITY ONE REPORT 2022KEY6 PRIORITY ONE REPORT 2022
LONG TAIL OF VULNERABILITIES
Global lockdowns and the associated shift to remote 
work led to a rush to put assets online in 2020, which 
led to an increase in vulnerabilities. Thus, security 
buyers invested heavily in incentivizing the Crowd to 
find critical ones, leading P1 and P2 submissions to 
make up 24% of all valid submissions for the year .
However, in some sectors, buyers’ needs also evolved 
slightly in 2021 toward clearing residual security 
debt associated with digital transformation and the 
shift to hybrid working models. P3 submissions also 
grew year-on-year as the Crowd cleared a backlog 
of vulnerabilities brought about by the pandemic.
In Financial Services specifically, valid P1s and less 
critical submissions increased significantly. This 
demonstrated the sector’s need to both incentivize 
the Crowd to find most critical vulnerabilities as well 
as clear security debt at the other end of the scale.
There were some interesting variations in 
the pattern in other sectors, as well.
SECURITY AS A BRAND IN FINSERV
Companies were forced to put a great deal of assets 
and services online in 2020 to keep their operations 
going during the global lockdowns. This accelerated 
digital transformations and meant that security 
posture became more important, as a greater share of 
revenue was now coming from online transactions.
Financial services companies had to move quickly on 
this issue given the sector’s importance to businesses 
and consumers, with 64% of FinServ executives 
ranking cybersecurity as their top concern in 
expected budget increases in 2021, per Deloitte.
This increased investment is supported by the fact that 
valid submissions, payouts, and P1s were up 82%, 106%, 
and 186%, respectively, on the Bugcrowd Platform .In 2020, investment peaked during the second 
quarter, when significant rewards were paid out to 
secure financial companies’ initial moves online.
This was buttressed by increased overall investment in 
2021, rising quarter on quarter from a significant base, 
to further elevate security standards. By making this 
double investment in the Crowd, FinServ companies 
established a reputation for safety online to match the 
one they had carefully built up using bricks and mortar.
RISE IN INCENTIVES IN SOFTWARE
In the Software sector, a bellwether for the cybersecurity 
ecosystem as a whole, total payouts increased by 73%. 
Digital transformation brought on by the pandemic 
caused a spike documented in last year’s report, 
and these numbers have been sustained or grown. 
The more interesting change, however, has been the 
second-order effect from market forces: Uncovering 
hidden vulnerabilities, especially critical ones, provided 
tangible value to buyers and led them to invest 
more in the form of incentives (payouts) in 2021.
GOVERNMENT ADOPTION 
ON THE FAST TRACK
In Priority One 2020, we reported how global 
lockdowns were causing the Crowd to spend 
more time in front of screens, identifying the new 
vulnerabilities that were arising as the global economy 
shifted further online. Organizations that favored 
continuous coverage saw the benefits of these 
extra eyeballs and the increase in hacking hours.
In 2021, the Government sector was the main beneficiary 
of continuous engagement with the Crowd, with valid 
submissions up over 1000% year-on-year through Q3 . 
The vast majority of these submissions occurred in the 
third quarter, when government buyers turned on the 
taps for crowdsourced security in response to new 
federal civilian agency directives  that, for example, 
make vulnerability disclosure a key requirement.
"Within all groups, there are people who focus on complicated attack chains and 
business logic exploitations, then there are those who look for simpler issues, but 
usually in ways that others haven’t thought of before–it really does take a crowd."
Casey Ellis • Bugcrowd Founder, Chairman, and CTO7 PRIORITY ONE REPORT 2022
Cross-Site Scripting (XSS): 
ReflectedSensitive Data Exposure: Disclosure of 
Secrets for Publicly Accessible Assets
Broken Access Control (BAC): 
Insecure Direct Object References (IDOR)Server Security Misconfiguration:  
No Rate Limiting on Form/Email
Sensitive Data Exposure:  
Disclosure of Secrets for Internal AssetsBroken Authentication & Session Mgmt:  
Failure to Invalidate Session
Server Security Misconfiguration:  
Missing Secure or HTTPOnly Cookie FlagUnvalidated Redirects & Forwards:  
Open Redirects
Broken Authentication & Session Mgmt:  
Privilege EscalationServer Security Misconfiguration: 
Directory Listing Enabled
The types of vulnerabilities submitted, as defined by 
the Vulnerability Rating Taxonomy (VRT) developed 
by Bugcrowd, are also evolving in the new security 
environment. There was some change at the top 
in 2021, where Cross-Site Scripting overtook 
Broken Access Control as the most commonly 
identified vulnerability type, reverting to the 2019 
top two and reflecting the rapid deployment of 
home-grown web applications throughout 2020 
and 2021. In third place, Sensitive Data Exposure 
involving Internal Assets leapt six places from ninth 
last year , brought on by an increased emphasis on 
scanning as a means of uncovering vulnerabilities.This was a direct consequence of the expansion 
and increased complexity of attack surfaces during 
pandemic-induced digital transformation, as well as 
the speed at which this transformation took place. 
The changes in the top 10 most commonly identified 
vulnerability types demonstrates the natural life 
cycle of vulnerability categories and the "cat and 
mouse" nature of the interaction between builders 
and breakers: the Crowd is incentivized to find new, 
prevalent vulnerability types, those vulnerabilities are 
eventually addressed by automated tools (causing 
incentives to fall), and then new vulnerability types 
emerge that the Crowd is highly incentivized to find.TOP 10 MOST COMMONLY IDENTIFIED  
VULNERABILITY TYPES IN 2021
10 59 48 37 26 18 PRIORITY ONE REPORT 2022
For example, in 2021...
1. Better scanning techniques caused hackers to identify subdomain takeovers at a 
higher rate. This created demand for solutions that identified these vulnerabilities, 
resulting in more frequent use of automated tools within the space.
2. These automated solutions found subdomain takeovers at scale, prompting faster remediation 
and leaving fewer for ethical hackers to find—however, our heroes had moved on by then 
to address the hasty digital transformation that had occurred during the pandemic.
3. This, in turn, caused an increase in Sensitive Data Exposure vulnerabilities ranging from exposed 
company calendars, to passwords and credentials, to public GitHub repos that had been rushed 
online in default configurations, leaving them vulnerable to hackers with documentation in hand.
 Researchers are still working through the backlog to identify this exposed data, and market 
demand will likely lead to automated solutions for finding them. However, by the time that 
happens, the Crowd will have identified a new category of vulnerabilities at the bleeding edge 
of security—because as new software is written, new vulnerabilities become discoverable.
LIFECYCLE OF  
VULNERABILITY  
INCENTIVES
PREVALENTOBSERVED
KNOWN
AUTOMATED$$$$$$$
$$
$
As automated tools are developed and adopted to detect known vulnerability types, the incentives for finding those vulns 
shrink in size. But like virus mutations, new types of prevalent vulns are emerging all the time, attracting big payouts.Cybersecurity breaches 
captured numerous headlines 
in 2021, with several high-
visibility incidents (e.g., the 
Log4Shell exploit) focusing 
the public imagination on 
emerging threats such as 
ransomware, and government 
policy quickly spinning up in 
response. Notably, we’ve seen 
a “democratization” of such threats due to the appearance 
of a ransomware economy 
and a continued blurring of 
the lines between state actors 
and eCrime organizations—
which, combined with 
growing and more lucrative 
attack surfaces, have made 
for a highly combustible 
environment. In 2022, we 
expect more of the same.Vulnerability Trends
The democratization of threatsKEY
9 PRIORITY ONE REPORT 202210 PRIORITY ONE REPORT 2022
RANSOMWARE HITS MAIN STREET  
(AND THE HOUNDS ARE RELEASED)
Ransomware overtook personal data breaches as the 
threat that dominated cybersecurity news around the 
world in 2021. The U.S. Treasury’s Financial Crimes 
Enforcement Network (FinCEN) reported in June 2021  
that the total value reflected in ransomware-related 
suspicious activity reports (SARs) during just the first 
six months of that year had reached $590 million, 
exceeding the $416 million reported for all of 2020.
We are now seeing ransomware gangs applying lean 
startup principles to their operations. They begin 
with skeleton teams making scattergun, speculative 
attacks and crudely requesting their rewards in crypto. 
Following one or two successful attacks, these teams 
treat the ransoms paid as seed capital, using it to 
grow their operations and invest in better software, 
talent, and exploits. At the elite end, ransomware 
teams run processes that include detailed research to 
identify targets, advanced communications, and media 
relations to stoke fear and increase the likelihood of 
a payout occurring, and even IT desks and ticketing 
systems to allow their clients/victims to get their data 
back and operations running again. Many attackers 
now track CVEs to find gaps for exploitation that 
have remained undetected by organizations that 
fail to take a proactive approach to their security.
One of the terrifying consequences of the increase in 
the scale and impact of attacks is that it brings critical 
national infrastructure and healthcare facilities more into 
play as targets. In 2021, the Colonial Pipeline attack  
shut down gasoline supply to half the US east coast for 
several days, pushing prices above $4 per gallon and 
costing tens of millions of dollars on top of the ransom 
paid. Research shows that death rates increase when 
hospitals suffer ransomware attacks, and the tragic 
case  of an infant death in 2019 may have been the first 
life lost that can be directly traced to ransomware.
Given the economics of ransomware, this problem will 
not disappear soon: Director of the NSA and Head of 
U.S. Cyber Command General Paul Nakasone predicts 
persistent ransomware threats “ every single day ” for the 
next five years. Log4Shell is likely to have an impact here.
These increased stakes are causing the problem 
to evolve from a technical security challenge 
to a national security issue. President Biden 
addressed this by hosting a “ransomware summit” that aims to establish a posture of offensive 
countermeasures in response to ransomware. 
In advance, the Dutch government signaled that it would 
be countering ransomware with offensive operations , 
and the head of the UK’s National Cybersecurity 
Centre  said that responding to ransomware would 
include integrating and deploying a range of tools, 
including economic measures and military capabilities. 
This gradual legitimization of offensive deterrence 
follows the “release the hounds” doctrine first proposed 
by Bugcrowd back in 2014  and popularized by 
Patrick Grey on the Risky  Business  podcast .
ATTACK SURFACES AND SUPPLY 
CHAINS EXPOSED
While security teams have spent countless hours 
addressing the “new normal” of hybrid work 
environments (e.g., the use of home wifi with cheap 
hardware configured to default settings), few have 
budgeted for it in advance. This means that many 
remote workers have a lightly defended entry point 
into the corporate network. Advanced attackers are 
now using these entry points to gain a foothold there.
The overall effect is a massive expansion of IT 
footprints and associated attack surface. Research 
by the Enterprise Strategy Group found in 2019 
that the average organization’s attack surface was 
40% “unknown.”  And that was before short-term 
workarounds to enable working from home that 
became permanent, and the decision by many 
organizations to adopt remote working policies.
2021 was also a record year for mergers and 
acquisitions (M&As) . Given that M&A activity is a 
principal driver of shadow IT and forgotten assets, 
this will accelerate the trend of vulnerable attack 
surfaces being exploited by malicious actors. 
Acquisition activity and entropy, over time, leads to 
a reliance on legacy software that is often poorly 
maintained and more likely to contain vulnerabilities.
These can be especially dangerous when there are 
unmaintained OS components in the mix, as these can 
enable lateral movement to access high-value assets.
Trends associated with the pandemic have 
accelerated risks associated with unknown 
and vulnerable assets, a trend that was already 
observed prior to the start of the pandemic.11 PRIORITY ONE REPORT 2022
Supply chains have increased in size and complexity, 
and with them the attack surfaces that each organization 
needs to secure. For example, data from BlueVoyant  
shows that companies with over 1,000 employees 
share data with more than 1,000 third parties on 
average , and this number is sure to grow. The risk is 
even higher for vulnerabilities that touch numerous 
interdependencies, such as the Log4J vulnerability.
This demand has created a thriving industry of 
scanners and automated tools. However, automation 
is hardly a silver bullet. Attackers have access to those 
same tools and can supplement them with domain 
knowledge, creativity, and intuition, and they are 
also skilled in working through OODA loops quickly 
during the lag times associated with scanners.
Only an approach that turns that weakness 
into a strength—by adopting the same tools, 
techniques, and mindset as attackers to uncover 
vulnerabilities before they do—leads to success.
USE OF N-DAYS BY APTS
Whereas in the past, advanced persistent threats 
(APTs) were defined by state-of-the-art tactics and 
clandestine operations, this approach is shifting. 
Diplomatic norms around hacking have weakened 
to the point where nation state attackers are less 
concerned with stealth than they were in the past.
Because APT behavior is determined by the incentives 
of free markets, they are figuratively willing to put down 
their sniper rifles and pick up shotguns on occasion. 
Lower-level targets are now on APTs’ radars, and 
they are willing to use “n-days” (simple exploits of 
known vulnerabilities) and less sophisticated attacks 
to crack them. The convergence of tactics between 
APTs and cyber criminals coincides with an increased 
willingness for state actors to engage in malicious 
activity for economic gain or camouflage. For example, 
Crowdstrike has found that Iranian cyber operations 
were engaging in eCrime to complicate attempts at 
attribution, while Teiss reported  that the main source 
of revenue for the North Korean state is cyber crime.
Researchers on the Bugcrowd Platform have responded 
by focusing their efforts on commercially available 
off-the-shelf products, which are being targeted 
more frequently when n-days drive attacker behavior. 
Frequently, as in the case of the F5 TMUI RCE (CVE-2020-5902), Confluence Server Webwork OGNL 
Injection (CVE-2021-26084), and Apache HTTP Server 
2.4.49 (CVE-2021-41773) bugs, these vulnerabilities 
were reported inside Bugcrowd customer programs 
well ahead of public exploits emerging in the wild–
giving those customers critical advance warnings.
See Bugcrowd Security Flashes for deep-
dive discussions about some of these vulns.
FROM PENETRATION TESTING, TO 
CROWDSOURCED, TO MULTISOURCED
Penetration testing is the oldest outsourced 
service in security, with traditional penetration 
testing dating back to the 1990s in its current 
form. Arguably, penetration testing extends even 
further back to the UK government’s “tiger teams” 
of the ‘60s and ‘70s, formed to identify and exploit 
vulnerabilities in computer programs. This evolved 
into “adversarial simulation,” which became 
incorporated into the PCI-DSS standard in 2006.
Penetration testing has evolved more over the past 
three years than over the previous 20, as ownership 
on the client side has moved from the governance, 
risk, and compliance teams to the security team. 
The change in ownership shifted the focus from 
meeting strictly regulatory goals to also finding 
vulnerabilities that go beyond the checklist.
All of this turmoil has caused industry leaders to 
consider penetration testing from first principles, 
and to reassess the definition of a penetration 
test in a world where vulnerabilities can be 
constantly uncovered by remote hackers.
The traditional model of paying a small team of 
penetration testers for set-piece projects has 
evolved, with Bugcrowd now offering a modern 
Pen Testing as a Service solution that integrates 
the Crowd into pen test workflows to replace or or 
complement traditional, compliance-focused testing.
This new approach has broadened the range of models 
available, enabled rapid launch times, and provided 
much more flexibility for customers with pen testing 
needs. Buyers can now consider their needs around 
compliance, budget, deadlines, and physical security 
and implement the right pen testing models accordingly.12 PRIORITY ONE REPORT 2022
POLICY CHANGES: STRIVING FOR CLARITY
Government policy remains a source of top-down 
pressure in driving robust security, along with lateral 
pressure from peers and adversaries and bottom-up 
demand from consumers. The US binding directive  
that called for all federal civilian agencies to set 
up VDPs is one example of a progressive move 
welcomed by the security industry, and Bugcrowd 
is proud to be helping US federal civilian agencies 
implement VDP and bug bounty programs under 
BOD 20-01. Australia followed on from this directive 
with its own guidelines recommending VDPs in its 
Australian Government Security Manual , which 
Bugcrowd is supporting by offering managed 
VDPs  to Australia’s government agencies.
There is also a growing body of legislation and case 
law that is helping to define and elevate ethical hacking 
and security research. Hacking has always been a 
bottom-up phenomenon, and hackers have traditionally 
been associated with an anti-establishment culture; 
however, in a world where data security permeates 
diplomacy, politics, and financial markets, improving 
clarity on the scope of ethical hacking is welcomed.When the US Supreme Court ruled on Van Buren v. 
United States in June 2021, it provided some much-
needed clarification on the Computer Fraud and 
Abuse Act (CFAA). At stake was the issue of whether 
or not violation of software terms of service could 
constitute a criminal offence, an interpretation that 
was opposed by the Electronic Frontier Foundation , 
criminal law scholars , and several prominent 
security companies , including Bugcrowd. The court 
opted for a narrow interpretation of the law, meaning 
that contractual disputes around arbitrary terms 
of service cannot lead to criminal convictions.
The EU’s General Data Protection Regulation 
(GDPR) has continued to define privacy and security 
globally. It has raised awareness of the need for 
tools such as VDPs and increased awareness of 
security at the board level, improving the budgets of 
some cash-strapped CISOs. (We have also noticed 
that European hackers tend to have better mental 
models around privacy, and their submissions 
help to drive higher standards internationally.)
The fines are eye-watering: Amazon 
disclosed a GDPR fine of $877 million in 
August 2021, 15 times the existing record 
of $56.6 million set by Google in 2019.
REPORT
Inside the Mind 
of a HackerReport Highlights
• $27B of cybercrime  prevented by 
Bugcrowd security researchers.
• 91% of ethical hackers agree that 
point-in-time testing can't secure 
companies year-round.DOWNLOAD NOW
The Ultimate Guide to Ethical Hackers  
and the Economics of Security Research 2021
13 PRIORITY ONE REPORT 2022
One Platform, Many Solutions
Do everything proactively possible to defend your organization, 
reputation, and customers against being blindsided by cyber 
attacks with the Bugcrowd Security Knowledge Platform™
We live in a digital first world where threats are 
relentless and businesses are constantly under siege. 
Regardless of how many security tools you’re managing, 
you are still at risk. Organizations of all kinds need 
a defense that addresses the incomplete solutions 
that leave cybersecurity environments vulnerable.The Bugcrowd Security Knowledge Platform™ uniquely 
enables organizations to do everything proactively 
possible to protect themselves, their reputations, and their 
customers by orchestrating data, technology, and human 
intelligence–including a global community of security 
researchers–to expose blind spots before attackers do.
Vulnerability
Disclosure
Bug
Bounty
Pen Test
as a Service
Attack Surface
Management
Best Security ROI 
from the Crowd
We match you with the 
right trusted security 
researchers for your needs 
and environment across 
hundreds of dimensions  
using ML.Instant Focus on 
Critical Issues
Working as an extension 
of the platform, our global 
security engineer team 
rapidly validates and triages 
submissions, with P1s often 
handled within hours.Contextual Intelligence  
for Best Results
We apply accumulated 
knowledge from over a 
decade of experience 
across 1000s of customer 
solutions to your goals for 
better outcomes.Continuous, Resilient 
Security for DevOps
The platform integrates 
workflows with your existing 
tools and processes to 
ensure that applications and 
APIs are continuously tested 
before they ship.
LEARN MORE