Deepwatch Threat 
Intelligence 
2022
See Threats. Stop Breaches. Together.2
|   www .deepwatch.comIntelligence is leveraged by governments and 
organizations around the world when making critical 
organizational decisions. Collecting data points to analyze 
for potential outcomes can transform these data points 
into Intelligence which tells a story that assists in key 
strategic, operational, and tactical decisions. Introduction
23
|   www .deepwatch.com3 |   www .deepwatch.com
2021 Deepwatch Observations
• Exploitation of Zero-day Vulnerabilities for Internet facing  
 systems with publicly available exploit code facilitated initial access  
	 into	organizations.	Significant	Cyber 	events	included	Proxylogon,	 
	 ProxyShell,	and	Log4j.
• Ransomware	continued	to	affect	many	industry	sectors	and	 
 appeared not to favor targeting of specific industries over others
• Ransomware Threat Actors specialized their trade craft
  • Initial Access Brokers, Pentesters	(Allifates),	and	 
   Ransomware	development	(Ransomware	Operators)
• Malware/Endpoint based alerts were the most frequent alerts
•	 Alerting	activity	increased	during	times	of	Significant	Cyber 	Events
• Increase in Ransomware Attacks which exfiltrated data to hold  
	 for	ransom	(As	opposed	to	encrypting	an	organization’s	data)
|   www .deepwatch.comDEEPWATCH  THREAT INTELLIGENCE REPORT 20224
|   www .deepwatch.comDEEPWATCH  THREAT INTELLIGENCE REPORT 2022
In 2021, the industry saw a transition into threat 
actor separation of duties, with an increase in 
groups focused on obtaining and selling access to 
victims	(Initial	Access	Brokers).	In	fact,	the	Top	3	
threat actors as tracked by Digital Shadows were 
all initial access brokers. This transition facilitates 
threat actor activities at scale. In observing this trend, 
Deepwatch has taken note of the proliferation of Initial 
Access	Brokers	and	how	it	correlates	with	a	shift	in	
focus,	away	from	specific	industries	and	towards	
attacks of opportunity . As this trend continues, more 
emphasis must be placed on risk management of 
organizations’	internet	exposure	
Both Digital Shadows Top 5 attack methods for 
2021	and	Deepwatch’s	data	analysis	support	these	
observations.2021 Top 5 Threat
Attack Methods
Source: Digital Shadows• Remote Services
• Network Service Scanning
• Trusted Relationship
• Active Scanning
•	 Phishing
Threat Actors
Source: Digital Shadows
Malware Variants
Source: Malwarebazar•	 nei	(Initial	Access	Broker)
•	 barf	(Initial	Access	Broker)
•	 inthematrix1	(Initial	Access	Broker)
•	 UNC2452	(Cyber 	Espionage	Group)
•	 Astro	Locker 	Team	(MountLocker 	
	 ransomware	group)
•	 Emotet	(Heodo)
• Quakbot
• AgentTesla
• Dridex
•	 FormBook
5 |   www .deepwatch.com
In	2021,	deepwatch	recorded	33	Significant	
Incident events. Due to the extent of the 
attacks,	Significant	Incident	events	require	
additional resources for investigation. 
Ransomware was the most prevalent 
event type and was closely followed by 
events involving exploitation of Microsoft 
Exchange	(Proxy	Logon”	and	“Proxy	Shell”).
Unsurprisingly , events spiked during or 
shortly	after 	public	disclosures	of	major 	
vulnerabilities and exploit code releases. 
Specifically,	March	saw	the	Microsoft	
Exchange vulnerabilities being disclosed 
and	December 	saw	the	Log4J	disclosure.
Key Takeaway:
Monitoring for critical vulnerabilities 
and exploit code releases for those 
vulnerabilities and patching them in 
a timely matter should remain a top 
priority. Significant IncidentsDEEPWATCH  THREAT INTELLIGENCE REPORT 20226 |   www .deepwatch.com
The top alerting type for 2021 was Malware/
Endpoint alerts associated with activity occurring 
at the system level. Malware/Endpoint alerts 
are	considered	the	highest-fidelity	alerts	due	to	
detecting suspicious/malicious program execution 
on systems inside the environment. Notable 
Malware/Endpoint alerting activity observed in 
2021 included malicious downloaders, password 
scrapers, post-exploitation tools, WebShells, 
ransomware, security protection termination tools, 
and	banking	trojans.
Authentication alerting was the second 
most prevalent. Many of these alerts focus on 
identifying suspicious/malicious authentication 
activities to systems or applications which is 
instrumental	in	identification	of	unauthorized	
authentication activities. As many organizations 
have recently expanded their external footprint to 
allow remote access of organizational resources, 
the	importance	of	effective	authentication	alerts	
will continue to increase. Notable Authentication 
activities	include	Brute	force	login	attempts,	
Password	Spraying,	Unusual	authentications	from	
locality	or 	region,	SSH	Login	attempts,	and	lateral	
movement authentication attempts. Top 5 Alert Types
 Top 5 Alerts
1. Malware/Endpoint
2. Authentication
3.	 Policy	Violations
4.	 Email
5.	 Threat	IntelligenceDEEPWATCH  THREAT INTELLIGENCE REPORT 20227 |   www .deepwatch.comMITRE A TT&CK  Tactics
Impact  11%
Persistence  16%
Initial Access  16%Execution  19%
Reconnaissance  7%
Command & Control  6%
Credential Access  11%Defense Evasion  3%
Discovery  3%
Collection  3%
Exﬁltration  3%MITRE A TT&CK offers a common nomenclature to 
facilitate analysis and discussion amongst cybersecurity 
professionals. While it is useful for this purpose and for 
understanding attacks, it is considerably less reliable as a 
detection coverage map due to the complexities of attack 
actions and shifting threat vectors.  
MITRE A TT&CK T actics allow organizations to 
breakdown and	categorize	the	different	activities	that	
Threat Actors conduct during their breach operations. 
T actics are broken down further into T echniques and 
then	into	specific	Procedures	to	make	up	the	commonly	
referenced	acronym	known	as	TTPs.	MITRE	ATT&CK 	
T actics have been mapped to Deepwatch detection 
capabilities which could then be further analyzed 
or correlated together for a more comprehensive 
understanding of breach activities within an organization.  Top 5 MITRE ATT&CK
The most prevalent MITRE A TT&CK T actic in 2021 for Deepwatch 
alerts was Execution which mapped to 19% of all alerts. Execution is 
associated with attacker controlled code execution on a local or remote 
system. Some T echniques included under Execution are Command and 
Scripting	execution,	User 	execution	of	malicious	files	or 	links,	abuse	of	
native system components, and malicious service installation execution.
The second most frequent T actic observed was Persistence at 16%.  
Persistence	activities	are	associated	with	attackers	attempts	to	maintain	a	
foothold	on	the	systems.	Techniques	associated	with	Persistence	include	
Account	Manipulation,	Autostart	Executions	and	Scripts,	Backdoor 	Server	
Software Components like WebShells, and Scheduled T asks execution. 
Top 5 MITRE  
ATT&CK Tactics
 1. Executiton
	 2.	 Persistence
	 3.	 Initial	Access
	 4.	 Credential	Access
	 5.	 ImpactDEEPWATCH  THREAT INTELLIGENCE REPORT 20228 |   www .deepwatch.com
Threat Intel Team published 
50 reports in 2021.
The	majority	of	significant	cyber 	
events in 2021 involved critical 
vulnerabilities in widely used 
software being exploited in the 
wild. Frequently , the vulnerable 
software was internet facing in 
organizations’	environments.	
Signalling an increased need 
for organizational focus on 
perimeter risk.Threat Intel Reports 
Metrics & Trends
24 20 6Cyber
Intelligence 
BriefCustomer
Advisory
AwarenessCustomer
Advisory
SCEDEEPWATCH  THREAT INTELLIGENCE REPORT 20229 |   www .deepwatch.com
2022 Outlook
• High confidence that Ransomware Threat Actors will continue  
	 to	take	advantage	of	opportunities	rather 	than	target	specific	 
 industry sectors
• High confidence that Critical Zero-day vulnerabilities with publicly  
 available exploit code for popular Internet facing technologies will  
 continue to be uncovered
• High confidence that Threat Hunting activities will uncover threats  
 in organizations that were not prevented or detected by endpoint  
 security products
• Moderate confidence that alert volume and fatigue will lead to  
	 more	missed	incidents,	unless	a	focus	is	placed	on	higher 	fidelity	 
 alerting in the industry
• Moderate confidence that an increase in lower skilled  
 Ransomware operators will be observed as Threat Actors  
 specializing in Initial Access continue to obtain and sell access  
 to the highest bidder
|   www .deepwatch.comDEEPWATCH  THREAT INTELLIGENCE REPORT 202210
|   www .deepwatch.comWhat does our organization’s Internet-facing 
footprint look like?Deepwatch	offers	an	external	profile	engagement	to	identify	
systems and services that are Internet-facing and potentially 
susceptible to attack
Does our patch management strategy focus on 
prioritizing Internet-facing systems/technologies?
Do we have MFA for externally accessible high-risk 
business services like Email or Remote Access?
What is our plan to review our external systems security 
configurations for hardening improvements?
Is our endpoint protection/detection software 
functioning properly?
Have we reviewed, updated, and tested our 
incident action plans?Deepwatch	offers	Vulnerability	Management	(VM)	services	
to organizations incorporating a priority patching process for 
Internet facing systems and software
Deepwatch can partner with your organization to identify 
single-factor services or remote access software through our 
external	profile	offering
Deepwatch	offers	Vulnerability	Management	(VM)	services	that	
includes	secure	configuration	recommendations
Deepwatch	offers	Managed	Detection	and	Response	(MDR)	
services	for 	24/7	coverage	to	ensure	protection	and	detection	
technologies are functioning and reporting properly
Deepwatch	offers	security	consulting	services	to	assist	in	building,	
updating, and testing incident actions via table top exercises
How To Get Threat Ready 2022
Deepwatch recommends asking your 
security team these questions:Need help? 
Reach out to your Squad 
Manager for advisement on 
getting ready for 2022.DEEPWATCH  THREAT INTELLIGENCE REPORT 2022ABOUT DEEPWATCH 
Deepwatch helps secure the digital economy by protecting and defending 
enterprise networks, everywhere, every day. Deepwatch leverages its 
highly	automated	cloud-based	SOC	platform	backed	by	a	world	class	
team	of	experts	who	monitor,	detect,	and	respond	to	threats	on	customers’	
digital	assets	24/7/365.	Deepwatch	extends	security	teams	and	proactively	
improves cybersecurity posture via its Squad delivery and patented Security 
Maturity	Model.	Many	of	the	world’s	leading	brands	rely	on	Deepwatch’s	
managed detection and response security.
Visit www.deepwatch.com or reach out to us at  
sales@deepwatch.com.