 
 
  
 
ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
1 
 ABOUT ENISA  
The European Union Agency for Cybersecurity, ENISA, is the Union’s agency dedicated to 
achieving a high common level of cybersecurity across Europe. Established in 2004 and 
strengthened by the EU Cybersecurity Act, the European Union Agency for Cybersecuri ty 
contributes to EU cyber policy, enhances the trustworthiness of ICT products, services and 
processes with cybersecurity certification schemes, cooperates with Member States and EU 
bodies, and helps Europe prepare for the cyber challenges of tomorrow. Th rough knowledge 
sharing, capacity building and awareness raising, the Agency works together with its key 
stakeholders to strengthen trust in the connected economy, to boost resilience of the Union’s 
infrastructure and, ultimately, to keep Europe’s society and citizens digitally secure. More 
information about ENISA and its work can be found here: www.enisa.europa.eu . 
CONTACT  
To contact the authors , please use etl@enisa.europa.eu  
For media enquiries about this paper, please use press@enisa.europa.eu . 
EDITORS  
Ifigeneia Lella, Eleni Tsekmezoglou, Rossen Svetozarov Naydenov, Cosmin Ciobanu, 
Apostolos Malatras, Marianthi Theocharidou – European Union Agency for Cybersecurity  
CONTRIBUTORS  
Claudio Ardagna, Stephen Corbiaux, Koen Van Impe, Andreas Sfakianakis  
ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS  
We would like to thank the Members and Observers of the ENISA ad hoc Working Group on 
Cyber Threat La ndscapes (https://www.enisa.europa.eu/topics/threat -risk-management/threats -
and-trends/ad -hoc-working -group -cyber -threat-landscapes ) for their valuable feedback and 
comments in validating this report. We would also like to thank the ENISA Advisory Group and 
the National Liaison Officers network for their valuable feedback.  ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
2 
 LEGAL NOTICE  
This publication represents the vie ws and interpretations of ENISA unless stated otherwise. It 
does not endorse a regulatory obligation of ENISA or of ENISA bodies pursuant to Regulation 
(EU) No 2019/881.  
ENISA has the right to alter, update or remove the publication or any of its contents.  It is 
intended for information purposes only and it must be accessible free of charge. All references 
to it or its use as a whole or in part must show ENISA as its source.  
Third -party sources are quoted as appropriate. ENISA is not responsible or liable for the content 
of the external sources including external websites referenced in this publication.  
Neither ENISA nor any person acting on its behalf is responsible for the use that might be made 
of the information contained in this publication.  
ENISA maintains its intellectual property rights in relation to this publication.  
COPYRIGHT NOTICE  
© European Union Agency for Cybersecurity  (ENISA), 202 2  
Reproduction is authorised provided the source is acknowledged.  
Copyright for the image on the on pages x yz: © Shutterstock  
For any use or reproduction of photos or other material that are not under ENISA copyright, 
permission must be sought directly from the copyright holders.  
ISBN: 978-92-9204 -588-3, DOI: 10.2824/764318  ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
3 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS  
1. THREAT LANDSCAPE OVERVIEW  7 
2. THREAT ACTOR TRENDS  22 
3. RANSOMWARE  43 
4. MALWARE  49 
5. SOCIAL ENGINEERING  54 
6. THREATS AGAINST DATA  63 
7. THREATS AGAINST AVAI LABILITY: DENIAL OF SERVICE  69 
8. THREATS AGAINST AVAI LABILITY: INTERNET T HREATS  78 
9. DISINFORMA TION - MISINFORMATION  82 
10.SUPPLY CHAIN ATTACKS  88 
A  ANNEX: MAPPING  TO MITRE ATT&CK FRA MEWORK  95 
B  ANNEX: INDICATIVE  LIST OF INCIDENTS  102 
C  ANNEX: CVE LANDSC APE 114 
D  ANNEX: RECOMMENDA TIONS  124 
 ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
4 
 EXECUTIVE SUMMARY  
This is the tenth edition of the ENISA Threat Landscape (ETL) report, an annual report on the status of the 
cybersecurity threat landscape . It identif ies the top threats, major trends observed with respect to threats, threat 
actors and attack techniques , as well as impact and motivation analysis . It also describ es relevant mitigation 
measures. This year’s work has again been supported by ENISA’s ad hoc Working Group on Cybersecur ity Threat 
Landscapes (CTL).  
During the reporting period o f the ETL 2022, the prime threats identified include:  
1. Ransomware  
2. Malware  
3. Social Engineering threats  
4. Threats against data  
5. Threats against availability: Denial of Service  
6. Threats against availability : Internet threats  
7. Disinformation – misinformation  
8. Supply -chain attacks  
For each of the identified threats, attack techniques, notable incidents and trends are proposed 
alongside with mitigation measures. When it comes to trends during the reporting perio d, we 
must emphasise the following . 
• Impact of geopolitics on the cybersecurity threat landscape  
o The conflict between Russia -Ukraine reshaped  the threat landscape  during  the reporting 
period.  Some of the interesting changes w ere significant increase s in hacktivist activity , cyber 
actors conducting operations in concert with kinetic military action, the mobilisation of hacktivists, 
cybercrime, and aid by nation -state groups during this conflict . 
o Geopolitics continue to have stronger impact on  cyber operations.  
o Destructive attacks are a prominent component of the operations of state actors.  During the 
Russia -Ukraine conflict, cyber actors were observed  conducting operations in concert with kinetic 
military action1. 
o A new wave of hacktivism2 has been observed especially since the Russia -Ukraine crisis began.  
o Disinformation is a tool in cyberwarfare. It was used even before the 'physical' war started as a 
preparatory activity for Russia’s invasion of Ukraine.  
• Threat actors increasing their capabil ities 
o Resourceful threat actors have utilised 0 -day exploits  to achieve their operational and strategic 
goals. The more organisations increase the maturity of their defences and cybersecurity 
programmes, the more they increase the cost for adversaries, dri ving them to develop and/or buy 
0-day exploits , since defence in depth strategies reduce the availability of exploitable 
vulnerabilities .  
o Continuous 'retirements' and the rebranding of ransomware groups is being used to avoid law 
enforcement and sanctions . 
o Hacker -as-a-service business model  gaining traction, growing since 2021.  
o Threat groups have an increased interest and exhibit an increasing capability in supply 
chain attacks and attacks against Managed Services Providers ( MSPs ). 
                                                           
1 Microsoft – Special Report: Ukraine – An overview of Russia’s cyberattack activity in Ukraine - 
https://query.prod.cms.rt.microsoft.com/cms/api/am/binary/RE4Vwwd   
2 Republic  of Estonia – Information System Authority - Trends and Challenges in Cyber Security – Q1 2022 - https://www.ria.ee/en/news/trends -and-
challenges -cyber -security -q1-2022.html   ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
5 
 • Ransomware and attacks against availability rank the highest during the 
reporting period  
o Significant rise on attacks against availability, particularly DDoS , with the 
ongoing war being the main reason behind such attacks.  
o Phishing is once again the most common vector  for initial  access. 
Advances in sophistication of phishing, user fatigue and targeted, context -
based phishing have led to this rise.  New lures in social engineering threats 
are focusing on the Ukraine -Russia conflict in a similar manner to what 
happened during the CO VID situation  
o Malware is on the rise again after the decrease that was noticed and linked to the COVID -19 
pandemic3. 
o Extortion techniques are further evolving  with the popular use of leak sites.  
o DDoS are getting larger and more complex, are moving towards  mobile networks and IoT 
and are being used in the context of cyberwarfare.  
• Novel, hybrid and emerging threats are marking the threat landscape with high 
impact  
o The Pegasus case triggered media coverage and governmental actions, which also then was 
reflected in other  cases concerning  surveillance and the targeting of civil society.  
o Consent phishing attackers use consent phishing to send users links that, if clicked, will grant the 
attacker access and permissions to applications and services.  
o Data co mpromise is increasing year on year. The central role of data in our society produced a 
sharp increase in the amount of data collected and in the importance of proper data analysis. The 
price we pay for such importance is a continuous and unstoppable incre ase in data compromises.  
o Machine Learning (ML) models are at the core of modern distributed systems and are 
increasingly becoming the target of attacks .  
o AI-enabled disinformation and deepfakes.  The proliferation of bots modelling personas can 
easily disru pt the 'notice -and-comment' rulemaking process, as well as the interaction of the 
community, by flooding government agencies with fake comments.  
Moreover , understanding  the trends related to threat actors, their motivations and their targets 
greatly assist s in planning cybersecurity defences and mitigation strategies. Therefore , for the 
purposes of the ETL 202 2, the following four categories of cybersecurity threat actors are 
considered  again : 
• State -sponsored actors  
• Cybercrime actors  
• Hacker -for-hire actors  
• Hacktivists . 
Through continuous analysis, ENISA derived trends , patterns  and insights  for each of the major 
threats presented in the ETL 202 2. The key findings and judgments in this assessment are 
based on multiple and publicly available resources which are provided in the references used 
for the development of this document. The report is mainly targeted at strategic decision -makers 
and policy -makers, while also being of interest to the technical cybersecurity community.  
 
  
                                                           
3 ENISA Threat Landscape 2021  ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
6 
  
ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
7 
 1. THREAT LANDSCAPE OVE RVIEW  
In its tenth edition, the ENISA Threat Landscape (ETL) report provides a general overview of the cybersecurity threat 
landscape. Over the years, the ETL has been used as key instrument in understanding the current status of 
cybersecurity across the EU and pr ovide insight in terms of trends and patterns, leading to relevant decisions , 
prioritisation of actions  and recommendations. The ETL report is partly strategic and partly technical, with information 
relevant to both technical and non -technical readers. The ETL 2022 report has been validated and supported by the 
ENISA ad hoc Working Group on Cybersecurity Threat Landscapes (CTL)4 and ENISA National Liaison Officers 
(NLO) Network .  
Cybersecurity attacks continued to increase during the second half of 2021 and 2022, not only in terms of vectors and 
numbers but also in terms of their impact. The Russia -Ukraine crisis has defined a new era for cyberwarfare and 
hacktivism, its role, and its impact on conflicts. States and other cyber ope rations will very likely adapt to this new 
state of affairs  and take advantage of the novelties and challenges brought about by this war5. However, this new 
paradigm brought by the war  has implications for international norms in cyberspace and, more specifically, for state 
sponsorship of cyberattacks and against targeting critical civilian infrastructure5. Due to the volatile international 
situation, we expect  to observe more cyber operations being driven by geopolitics in the near to mid -term future . The 
geopolitical situation might trigger cyber operations and potentially damaging cyberattacks6. Consequently, a 
destabilized situation and continued threshold e xceedance in terms of malicious cyber activity may also lead to more 
resulting damag e. 
It is worth noting that in this iteration of the ETL, additional focus was concentrated on the different kinds of impact 
cyber threats  have  in various sectors, including  the sectors listed in the Network and Information Security Directive 
(NISD)  and its agreed revision NIS2 . Interesting insight s may be drawn from the particularities and insight  of each 
sector when it comes to the threat landscape, as well as potential int erdependencies and areas of significance. The 
criticality of different sectors is also reflected in relevant policy initiatives, with the recently agreed NISD 2 significan tly 
expanding the list of important sectors in the EU. ENISA is working in parallel o n developing sectorial threat 
landscapes, diving deeper into the elements of each sector and providing targeted insight.  
The ETL 2022, building on the foundational elements of  the ETL 2021, is based on a variety of open -source 
information and sources of cyber threat intelligence. It identifies major threats, trends and findings, and provides 
relevant high -level strategies for mitigation . The ETL 2022 has been developed using the officially established 
ENISA’s Cyber Security Threat Landscape Methodology tha t was published earlier this y ear7. The ENISA CTL 
Methodology aims to provide a baseline for the transparent and systematic delivery of horizontal, thematic and 
sectorial cybersecurity threat landscapes based on  a systematic and transparent process for data collection and 
analysis.   
In this edition of the ETL, a novel element includes the analysis of the vulnerability landscape in tandem with the 
cybersecurity threat landscape analysis. Moreover, for the first ti me an impact analysis of the threats across different 
sectors and dedicated analysis of threat actors’ motivations give an additional glimpse into the threat landscape. As 
always, findings are based on analysis of events and incidents, cross -validated with  relevant cyber threat intelligence 
sources.  
1.1 PRIME THREATS  
A series of cyber threats emerged and materialised in the course of 2021 and 2022. Based on the analysis presented 
in this report, the ENISA Threat Landscape 2022 identifies and focuses on the foll owing eight  prime threat groups 
                                                           
4 https://www.enisa.europa.eu/topics/threat -risk-management/threats -and-trends/ad -hoc-working -group -cyber -threat -landscapes   
5 Council on Foreign Relations - Cyber Proxies in the Ukraine Conflict: Implications for International Norms - https://www.cfr.org/blog/cyber -proxies -
ukraine -conflict -implications -international -norms   
6 QuoIntelligence - Ransomware is here to stay and other cybersecurity predictions for 2022  - 
https://quointelligence.eu/2022/01/ransomware -and-other -cybersecurity -predictions -for-2022/   
7 https://www.enisa.europa.eu/publications/enisa -threat -landscape -methodology  ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
8 
 (See  Figure 1 ). These eight  threat groups are highlighted because of their prominence during the reporting pe riod, 
their popularity and the impact that was due to the materialisation of these threats.  
• Ransomware  
According to ENISA’s Threat Landscape for Ransomware Attacks8 report , ransomware is defined as  a type of 
attack where threat actors take control of a tar get’s assets and demand a ransom in exchange for the return of the 
asset’s availability.  This action -agnostic  definition is needed to cover the changing ransomware threat landscape, 
the prevalence of multi ple extortion techniques and the various goals, other than solely financial gains , of the 
perpetrators . Ransomware has been , once more,  one of  the prime threat s during the reporting period, with 
several high profile and highly publicised incidents.  
• Malware  
Malware , also  referred to  as malicious code and  malicious logic9, is an overarching term used to describe any 
software or firmware intended to perform an unauthorised process that will have an adverse impact on the 
confidentiality, integrity or availability of a system. Traditionally, e xamples of malic ious code types include viruses, 
worms, trojan horses or other code -based entities that infect a host. Spyware and some forms of adware are also 
examples of malicious code10. During this reporting period, we again observed a large number of incidents 
involv ing malware. The incidents analysed are mainly focused on EU countries.  
• Social Engineering  
Social engineering  encompasses a broad range of activities that attempt to exploit a human error or human 
behaviour with the objective of gaining access to information or services11. It uses various forms of manipulation 
to trick victims into making mistakes or hand ing over sensitive or secret information. In cybersecurity, social 
engineering lures users into opening documents, files or e -mails, visit ing websites or grant ing unauthorised 
persons access to systems or services. And although these tricks can abuse technology the y always rely on a 
human element to be successful.  This threat canvas consists mainly of the following vectors: phishing, spear -
phishing, whaling, smishing, vishing, business e -mail compromise (BEC), fraud, impersonation and counterfeit , 
which are analysed  in the relevant chapter . 
• Threats  against data  
Threats against data form a collection of threats that target sources of data with the aim of gaining unauthorised 
access and disclosure, as well as manipulating data to interfere with the behaviour of system s. These threats are 
also the basis of many other threats, also discussed in this report. For instance, ransomware, RDoS  
(Ransomware Denial of Service) , DDoS  (Distributed Denial of Service)  aim to deny access to data and possibly 
collect a payment to restor e this access. Technically speaking, threats against data can be mainly classified as 
data breach and data leak.  Data breach is an intentional attack brought by a cybercriminal with the goal of gaining  
unauthori sed access and  the release of sensitive, conf idential or protected data. Data leak is an event that can 
cause the unintentional release of sensitive, confidential or protected data due to , for example, misconfigurations, 
vulnerabilities  or human errors.  
• Threats against a vailability: Denial of Service  
Availability is the target of a plethora of threats and attacks, among which DDoS stands out. DDoS targets system 
and data availability and, though it is not a new threat, it has a significant role in the cybersecurity threat 
landscape12 13. Attacks occur when users of a system or service are not able to access relevant data, services or 
other resources. This can be accomplished by exhausting the service and its resources or overloading the 
component s of the network infrastructure14. During the reporting per iod, threats against availability and 
ransomware rank the highest among the prime threats, which signals a change from ETL 2021 where 
ransomware was clearly at the top. 
• Threats against availability: Internet threats  
                                                           
8 ENISA Threat Landscape for Ransomware Attacks https://www.enisa.europa.eu/publications/enisa -threat -landscape -for-ransomware -attacks   
9 https://csrc.nist.gov/glossary/term/malware   
10 https://nvlpubs.nist.gov/nistpubs/SpecialPublications/NIST. SP.800 -171r2.pdf   
11 https://www.imperva.com/learn/application -security/social -engineering -attack/   
12 Federal Office for Information Security (BSI), The State of I T Sec in Germany, September 2020  
13 Europol, Internet Organised Crime Threat Assessment (IOCTA) 2020 , https://www.europol.eu ropa.eu/activities -services/main -reports/internet -
organised -crime -threat -assessment -iocta -2020   
14 CISA, Understanding Denial -of-Service Attacks, November 2019. https://www.uscert.gov/ncas/tips/ST04 -015  ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
9 
 Internet use and  the free flow of inform ation impact s the lives of everyone . For many  people , access to the 
internet has become a basic necessity to work, study, and to exercise freedom of expression, political freedom, 
and to interact social ly. This  group covers the threats that have an impact on the availability of the internet , such 
as BGP (Border Gateway Protocol) highjacking . Denial of Service ( DoS) is covered in a separate section due to 
its individual impact in the threat landscape.  
• Disinformation – misinformation  
Disinformation and misinformation campaigns are still on the rise, spurred by the increased use of social media 
platforms and online media . Digital platforms are nowadays the norm for news and media. Social sites, news and 
media outlets , even search engine s, are now source s of information for many people. Due to the nature of how 
these sites operate, which is by attracting people  and generating traffic to their site s, the information that 
generates more viewers is usually the one promoted, sometimes without  it being validat ed. The war between 
Russia and Ukraine has show n new ways to use this threat, targeting people’s perception of the status of the war 
and the responsibilities of the parties  involved . Various motives underlie the differences between  wrong and 
purposely falsified information. This is where the definitions of misinformation15 and disinformation16 come into 
play.  
• Supply Chain Attacks  
A supply chain attack targets the relationship between organisations and their suppliers17. For this ETL report we 
use the definition as stated  in the ENISA Threat Landscape for Supply Chain18 where an attack is considered to 
have a supply chain component  when it consists of a combination  of at least two attacks . For an attack to be 
classified as  a supply chain attack, both the supplier and the customer have to be targets.  SolarWinds was one of 
the first revelation of this kind of attack and showed the potential impact of supply chain attacks. It seems  that 
threat actors are continu ing19 to feed on  this source to conduct their operations and gain a foothold within 
organisations , in an attempt to benefit from the widespread impact and potential victim base of such attacks.    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                                                           
15 Misinformation is an unintentional attack, where sharing of information is done inadvertently. The inaccuracy carried by 
the information is unintentional and could happen for example when a journalist reports wr ong information in good faith or 
reports information by mistake. ENISA ETL 2020  
16 Disinformation is an intentional attack that consists of the creation or sharing of false or misleading information. ENISA 
ETL 2020  
17 https://www.enisa.europa.eu/publications/threat -landscape -for-supply -chain -attacks   
18 ENISA Threat Landscape for Supply Chain Attacks https://www.enisa.europa.eu/publications/threat -landscape -for-supply -chain -attacks   
19 Accenture Cyber Threat Intelligence Report  https://www.accenture.com/ae -en/insights/security/cyber -threat -intelligence   ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
10 
 Figure 1: ENISA Threat Landscape 2022 - Prime threats
 
It should be noted that the aforementioned threats involve categories and refer to  collection of different types of 
threats  that have been  consolidated into the eight areas mentioned above. Each of the threat categories  is further 
analysed in a dedicated chapter of this report, which elaborates on its particularities and provides more specific 
information, findings, trends, attack techniques and mitigation vectors.  
1.1 KEY TRENDS  
The list below summarises the main trends obs erved in the cyber threat landscape during the reporting period. These 
are also reviewed in detail throughout the various chapters that compris e the ENISA threat landscape of 202 2. 
• Ransomware and threats against availability rank at the top during the repo rting period.  
• Resourceful threat actors have  utilised 0-day exploits  to achieve their operational and strategic goals. 
The more organi sations increase the matur ity of  their defences and cybersecurity program mes, the more 
they increase the cost for adversar ies, driving them to develop and/or buy 0 -day exploits , since defence in 
depth strategies reduce the availability of exploitable vulnerabilities .  
• Geopolitics continue to have strong  impact on  cyber operations . 
• Destructive attacks are a prominent component  of the operations of  state actors.  During the Russia -
Ukraine conflict, cyber actors were observed  conducting operations in concert with kinetic military action20. 
• Continuous 'retirements ' and the rebranding of ransomware groups  is being used to avoid law 
enforcement and sanctions . 
• Hacker -as-a-service business model  gaining traction, growing since 2021.  
• Significant rise on attacks against availability, particularly DDoS , with the ongoing 
war being the main reason behind such attacks.  
• The Pegasus case triggered media coverage and governmental actions , which also then was reflected 
in other  cases concerning  surveillance and the targeting of civil society.  
• A new wave of hacktivism21 has been observed especially since the Russia -Ukraine crisis  began . 
                                                           
20 Microsoft – Special Report: Ukraine – An overview of Russia’s cyberattack activity in Ukraine - 
https://query.prod.cms.rt.microsoft.com/cms/api/am/binary/RE4Vwwd   
21 Republic of Estonia – Information System Authority - Trends and Challenges in Cyber Security – Q1 2022 - https://www.ria.ee/en/news/trends -and-
challenges -cyber -security -q1-2022.html   
 Please use footnotes for providing additional or explanatory information and/or relevant links. References should be listed 
in a dedicated section. Use only the function References/Insert Footnote  
ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
11 
 • Phish ing is once again  the most common vector  for initial access. Advances in sophistication of 
phishing, user fatigue and targeted, context -based phishing have led to this rise.  
• Extortion  techniques are further evolv ing with the popular  use of leak sites . 
• Malware is on the rise again after the decrease that was noticed and linked to the COVID -19 pandemic22. 
• Consent phishing attackers use consent phishing to send users links that, if clicked, will grant the attacker 
access and permissions to applications and services . 
• Data compromise  is increasing year o n year. The central role of data in our society produced a sharp 
increase in the amount of data collected and in the importance of proper data analysis. The price we pay for 
such importance is a continuous and unstoppable increase in data compromises.  
• Machine Learning (ML) models are at the core of modern distributed systems and  are increasingly 
becoming the target of attacks .  
• DDoS are getting larger and more complex,  are moving towards mobile networks and IoT and are 
being used in the context of cyberwarfare . 
• State -owned Certificat e Authorit ies (CA)  makes it e asy to perform HTTPS traffic interception and man -in-
the-middle attacks on its citizens thus putting internet security and privacy at risk . 
• Disinformation  is a tool in cyberwarfare . It was used even before the 'physical ' war started as a 
preparatory activity for Russia’s invasion of Ukraine . 
• AI-enabled disinformation and deepfakes . The proliferation of bots modelling personas can easily disrupt 
the 'notice -and-comment ' rulemaking process, as well as the interaction of the community, by flooding 
government agencies with fake comments . 
• Threat groups have an increased interest and exhibit an increasing capability in supply chain 
attacks and attacks again st Managed Services Providers ( MSPs ). 
1.2 EU PROXIMITY OF PRIM E THREATS  
An important aspect to consider in the context of the ENISA Threat Landscape involves the proximity of a cyber 
threat with respect to the European Union (EU). This is particularly importan t to assist analysts in assessing the 
significance of cyber threats, to correlate them with potential threat actors and vectors and even to guide the selection 
of appropriate ly targeted mitigation vectors. In line with the proposed classification for the E U Common Security and 
Defence Policy (CSDP)23, we classify cyber threats into four categories as illustrated in  Table 1.   
Table 1 Classification of proximity of cyber threats  
Proximity  Concerns  
NEAR  Affected networks, systems, controlled and assured within EU borders. Affected population within 
the borders of the EU.  
MID Networks and systems considered vital for operational objectives within the scope of the EU 
digital single market and the NISD sectors, but their control and assurance relies on non -EU 
institutional or public or private authorities  in Member States (MSs) . Affected population in 
geographical areas close to EU borders.  
FAR Networks and systems that, if influenced, will have a critical impact on operational objectives 
within the scope of the EU single digital market and the NISD sectors. Control and assurance of 
those networks and systems lie beyond EU institutional  authoriti es or public or private authorities 
in MSs. Affected population is in geographical areas far from the EU.  
GLOBAL  All the aforementioned areas  
 
                                                           
22 ENISA Threat Landscape 2021  
23 https://www.europarl.europa.eu/RegData/etudes/STUD/2017/603175/EPRS_STU(2017)603175_EN.pdf   
 Please use footnotes for providing additional or explanatory information and/or relevant links. References should be listed 
in a dedicated section. Use only the function References/Insert Footnote  ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
12 
 Figure 2 illustrates a time series  of incidents related to the categories of prime threat s reported in the ETL 2022. It 
should be noted that the information in the graph is based on OSINT (Open Source Intelligence) and is a result of 
work by ENISA in the area of Situational Awareness24. 
Figure 2: Observed incidents related to major ETL threats (OSINT -based situational awareness) in 
terms of their proximity  F
 
As evidenced by the above figure, 202 2 has seen a reduced number of incidents overall compared to 202 1. This is 
partly due to the fact that incident handling and  analysis is ongoing and reporting follows , as well as the open source 
nature of information collection in the ETL, which might inadvertently introduce bias in the results.  In particular  
though , the category NEAR has a steady high  number of observed incide nts related to prime threats, which implies 
their significance in the context of the EU. This comes as no surprise considering the geopolitical situation  in which  
the EU is involved.  Unsurprisingly, the monthly trends (not shown in the figure for brevity) are quite similar among the 
different classifications since cybersecurity knows no border and in most cases threats materialise at all levels of 
proximity.  
1.3 PRIME THREATS BY SECTOR  
Cyber threats are usually not restricted to any particular sector and in mos t cases affect more than one. This is 
indeed true since in many cases the threats manifest themselves by exploiting vulnerabilities in underlying ICT 
systems that are being used in a variety of sectors. However, targeted attacks as well as attacks exploiti ng the 
differences in cybersecurity maturity across sectors and the popularity  or prominence of certain sectors are all factors 
that need to be considered , particularly when it comes to prioritising targeted mitigating actions . These factors 
contribute to threats manifesting themselves as incidents in specific sectors and this is why it is important to look 
deeply into the sectorial aspects of observed incidents and threats.  
Figure 3 and Figure 4 highlight the affected sectors concerning the incidents obser ved based on OSINT (Open 
Source Intelligence) and are a result of work by ENISA in the area of Situational Awareness25. They refer to incidents 
related to the prime threats of ETL 2022. The sectors have been aligned to the sectors listed in the Network and 
Information Security Directive26 (NISD) and the agreed text27 for its review (NISD 2.0).  
                                                           
24 In accordance with the EU cybersecurity act Art.7 , Para.6 https://eur -lex.europa.eu/legal -content/EN/TXT/PDF/?uri=CELEX:32019R0881&from=EN   
25 In accordance with the EU cybersecurity act Art.7 , Para.6 (https://eur -lex.europa.eu/legal -content/EN/TXT/PDF/?uri=CELEX:32019R0881&from=EN )  
26 https://eur -lex.europa.eu/legal -content/EN/TXT/PDF/?uri=CELEX:32016L1148&from=EN   
27 https://ec.europa.eu/commission/presscorner/detail/en/IP_22_2985   
ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
13 
 Figure 3: Observed incidents related to prime ETL threats in terms of the affected sector  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
14 
 Figure 4: Targeted sectors per number of incidents (July 2021 -June 2022)
 
During this reporting period, we again observed a large number of incidents target ing public administration and 
government and digital service providers. The latter is to be expected given the  horizontal provisioning of services for 
this sector and thus its impact on many other sectors. We also observed a significant number of incidents targeting 
end users and not necessarily a particular sector. Interestingly, the finance sector face d a consis tent number of 
incidents throughout the reporting period  with the health sector following it  close behind . 
1.4 IMPACT ASSESSMENT BY SECTOR  
In this iteration of ENISA’s threat landscape we have included an  assessment  of the impact s of the incidents that 
were observed during the reporting period. With this qualitative process of impact analysis ENISA seek s to identify 
the consequences of a disruptive cyber incident by defining five types of potential impact and assigning respective 
levels  or degree s of impact i .e. high, medium, low  or unknown. Due to the fact that information related to the impact 
of a cybersecurity  attack is often not available or made public for obvious reasons, determining and assessing the 
effect following an incident entails a level of assu mption  in which  a certain degree of subjectivity cannot be avoided. 
This in itself makes the argument for improving the process of incident reporting in the EU, an aspect that is reflected 
in the NIS 2 Directive and an area where ENISA will continue its ef forts in the coming years.  
In the context  of this ETL , we defined  the following types of impact .  
• Reputational impact  refers to the potential for negative publicity or an adverse public perception of the 
entity that has been the victim of a cyber incident.  
• Digital impact  refers to damaged or unavailable systems, corrupted data files or exfiltration of data.  
• Economic impact  refers to the direct financial loss incurred, the damage to national security that can be 
caused due to the loss of important material  or a ransom requested.  
• Physical impact  refers to any kind of injury or harm to employees, customers  or patients.  
• Social impact  refers to any effect o n the general public or to a widespread disruption that could have an 
impact on society (e.g. incidents disr upting the national health system of a country).  
The incidents collected were classified according to the se five types of impact by applying internal ENISA experience 
and expertise. One of the highlights that emerged from the analysis is that in most of th e incidents  or cases the 
impact remained 'unknown ' either because th e victims were not clear about the level or type of impact that affected 
ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
15 
 their organisations or because they were not willing to disclose this kind of information due to a worry about the 
cascading impact that this could have to their reputation.  This lack of reliable data from the targeted organisations 
makes it very hard to fully understand the situation . Once again, the significance of incident reporting and sharing of 
information concerning cybersecurity incidents emerges. The accurate understanding of the cybersecurity threat 
landscape and situational awareness in general, rely on timely and reliable incident reporting information.  
In Figure 5 it can be observed, according to the analysis, that the Public Administration sector was impacted the most 
when it was the target of a cyberattack. This is probably due to a loss of trust in the targeted entity . The second 
sector that was most hit by incidents with a high  impact on  its reputa tion was the Finance sector.  
Figure 5 Reputational impact by sector
 
Digital impact (Figure 6)  was in most sectors set to medium to low with the exception of the Public  administration , 
Finance and Digital Service Providers which showed incidents  with high impacts . The cause for this was usually a 
ransomware incident.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
16 
 Figure 6 Digital impact by sector
 
When talking about economic losses  (Figure 7) , it was observed that the Public Administration and Financ e sectors 
had some  of the h ighest impacts . This can be tied to many breaches related to stealing banking data or details and 
many breaches regarding personal data , in conjunction with the public sector also being the primary target of 
ransomware attacks this year.  
Figure 7 Economic impact by sector
 
 
ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
17 
 Physical impact (Figure 8) remains the most unknown impact due to the lack of published information or available 
reliable data.  
Figure 8 Physical impact by sector
 
The Public Administration sector was the one with the high est number  of incidents with regards to s ocial impact , 
which in most cases  concerned either the disrupti on of  services or breaches of personal data. In addition , it was 
observed that the Health sector also had a large number of 'high' impact incidents, due to cases of either sensitive 
data being breached or Health services such as the appointment  of bookings being unavailable.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
18 
 Figure 9 Social Impact by sector
 
1.5 PRIME THREATS BY MOTIVATION  
Understanding the enemy and the motivation behind a  cybersecurity incident or  targeted attack is important because 
it can determine what an adversary is after. Knowing the motives can help organi sations determine and prioriti se 
what to protect and how to protect it. It also provides an idea of the attackers ’ intent and helps entities focus their 
efforts in defence on the most likely attack scenario for any particular asset.  
For all the above reasons, ETL 2022 has been expanded to include an assessment of the motivation behind t he 
incidents observed during the reporting period. For this purpose, four different kinds of motivation have been defined 
that can be linked to threat actors:  
• Monetisation:  any financially  related action ( carried out by cybercrime groups) ; 
• Geopolitics /Espionage : gaining information on IP  (Intellectual Property) , sensitive data, classified data 
(mostly executed by state sponsored groups) ; 
• Geopolitics/Disruption : any disruptive act ion done in the name of geopolitics (mostly carried out by state 
sponsored groups) ; 
• Ideological : any action backed up  with an ideology behind it ( such as hactivism) .  
We can observe that in most cases the prime threats fall under one or more motivations  quite evenly . Ransomware 
though is done purely for financial gain .   
 
 
 
 
 
ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
19 
 Figure 10 Motivation of threat actors per threat category
 
1.6 METHODOLOGY  
The ENISA Cybersecurity Threat Landscape (CTL) methodology28 was used to produce the ETL 2022 report. The 
methodology was published in July 2022. By establishing the ENISA Cybersecurity Threat Landscape (CTL) 
methodology, the Agency set s a baseline for the transparent and systematic delivery of horizontal, thematic , and 
sectorial cybersecurity threat landscapes.  
The ENISA Threat Landscape (ETL) 2022 report is based on information from open sources, mainly of a strategic 
nature and ENISA’s own Cyber Threat Intelligence (CTI) capabilities . It covers more than one sec tor, technology and 
context. The report aims to be industry and vendor agnostic. It  references or cites the work of various security 
researchers, security blogs and news media articles throughout the text in multiple footnotes  to validate findings and 
statements . The time span of the ETL 2022 report is July 2021 to Ju ne 2022 and is referred to as the 'reporting 
period ' throughout the report.  
During the reporting period, ENISA gathered a list of major incidents as they appeared in open sources through 
situat ional awareness. This list serve s as the foundation for identifying the list of prime threats and the source 
material for several trends and statistics in the report.  
Subsequently, an in -depth desk research of available literature from open sources such as  news media articles, 
expert opinion, intelligence reports, incident analysis and security research reports was conducted by ENISA and 
external experts. Note that many  intelligence and research reports report on  the basis of  a January to December 
year, con trary to the ETL 2022 reporting period which is  from July to Ju ne. Through continuous analysis, ENISA 
derived trends and points of interest. The key findings and judgments in this assessment are based on multiple and 
publicly available resources which are provided in the references used for the development of this document.  
                                                           
28 ENISA Cybersecurity Threat Landscape (CTL) methodology, July 2022. https://www.enisa.europa.eu/publications/enisa -threat -landscape -
methodology   
 Please use footnotes for providing additional or explanatory information and/or relevant links. References should be listed 
in a dedicated section. Use only the function References/Insert Footnote  
ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
20 
 Within the report, we differentiate between what has been reported by our sources and what is our assessment. 
When conducting an assessment, we convey probability by using words that exp ress an estimate of probability29. 
When we refer to threat actors in this report we use the naming convention used by the company revealing the 
campaign, as well as a number of synonyms30 commonly used in the industry.  
1.7 STRUCTURE OF THE REP ORT  
The ENISA Threat Landscape (ETL) 202 2 has maintained the  core structure of previous ETL reports for highlighting 
the prime cyber security threats in 202 2. Readers of past iterations will notice that the threat categories have been 
consolidated in line with a move tow ards a new cybersecurity threat taxonomy to be used in the future.  
This report is structured as follows .  
Chapter 2 explores the trends related to threat actors (i.e. state -sponsored actors, cybercrime actors, hacker -for-hire 
actors and hacktivists).  
Chapter 3  discusses major findings, incidents and trends regarding ransomware.  
Chapter 4  presents major findings, incidents and trends regarding malware.  
Chapter 5  describes major findings, incidents and trends regarding social engineering . 
Chapter 6  highl ights major findings, incidents and trends regarding threats against data (data breach, data leak) . 
Chapter 7  discusses major findings, incidents and trends regarding threats against availability (denial of service ). 
Chapter 8  presents major findings, inci dents and trends regarding threats against availability  (internet  threats) . 
Chapter 9  underlines the importance of hybrid threats and describes major findings, incidents and trends regarding 
disinformation and misinformation.  
Chapter 10 focuses on major fi ndings, incidents and trends regarding supply chain attacks . 
Annex A presents the techniques commonly used for each threat, based on the MITRE ATT&CK® framework.  
Annex B  includes notable incidents per threat, as observed during the reporting period . 
Annex  C includes a CVE landscape, as observed during the reporting period . 
Annex D presents reco mmendations and security controls that might add to the mitigation of the threats . 
  
                                                           
29 MISP estimative l anguage https://www.misp -project.org/taxonomies.html#_estimative_language   
30 MISP Galaxies and Clusters https://githu b.com/MISP/misp -galaxy   ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
21 
  
ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
22 
 2. THREAT ACTOR TRENDS  
Cyber threat actors are an integral component of the threat landscape. They are entities aiming to carry out a 
malicious act by taking advantage of existing vulnerabilities with the intent to harm their victims. Understanding how 
threat actors think and act and their motivations and goals are essential for a  more robust cyber threat management 
and incident response. Monitoring the latest developments concerning the tactics and techniques used by threat 
actors to achieve their objectives and staying up -to-date with the long -term trends in motivations and targe ts is crucial 
for an efficient defence in today’s cybersecurity ecosystem.  
Moreover, understanding the trends related to threat actors, their motivations and their targets assists greatly in 
planning cybersecurity defences and mitigation strategies. It is an integral part of the overall threat assessment since 
it allows security controls to be prioriti sed and a dedicated strategy based on potential impact and the likelihood that 
threats will material ise. Not understanding threat actors and how they operate creates a significant knowledge gap in 
cybersecurity because analysing threats without considering the motivations and goals may lead to inefficient 
defences or in some cases not being able to protect at all.  
In this section, we explore the trends related to threat actors. This assessment does not provide an exhaustive list of 
all trends during the reporting period but rather a high -level view of the significant trends observed at a strategic level. 
We focus on the  motives of  threat actors, their impact, an d targeting . Their evolution is also assessed.  
For the ETL 2022, we consider once more the following four categories of cybersecurity threat actors:  
• State -sponsored actors  
• Cybercrime actors  
• Hacker -for-hire actors  
• Hacktivists . 
The list of potential threat actors is extensive and encompasses other categories, such as insider actors. The focus 
on the above four categories does not imply that other categories of threat actors are deemed of lesser significance. 
The focus on the four  selected categories of threat actor s is based on their relative prominence during the ETL 2022 
reporting period.  
2.1 STATE -SPONSORED ACTO R TRENDS  
Increased exploitation of 0 -day and other critical vulnerabilities. According to public reporting, exploitation of 
vulnerabilities was the most frequently identified vector31 of intrusions while, during 2021, the number of disclosed 0 -
day exploits reached an all -time high  of sixty six ( 66)32.  
                                                           
31 Mandiant – M-Trends 2022 - https://www.mandiant.com/resources/m -trends -2022  
32 Trend Micro Security Prediction for 2022 - https://www.trendmicro.com/vinfo/us/security/research -and-
analysis/predictions/2022   
 Please use footnotes for providing additional or explanatory information and/or relevant links. References should be listed 
in a dedicated section. Use only the function References/Insert Footnote  ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
23 
 During the reporting period, state -sponsored actors exploited many critical  vulnerabilities31 in the wild , some of which 
were against Microsoft33 34 35 36, Pulse Secure VPN appliances37, Atlassian Confluence38, F5 Big -IP device s39, 
Fortinet appliances33 44, and Apache’s Log4j utility40 41 42. Moreover, we have observed state -sponsored threat actors 
targeting small office or home office routers worldwide and using this compromised infrastructure for their cyber 
operations while hindering defenders’ efforts  43 44. We ha ve also observed the replacement of Sandworm’s VPNFilter 
malware with Cyclops Blink for targeting WatchGuard firewall devices and ASUS routers45 46. 
Although the topic of 0 -day vulnerabilities is not new, we would like to highlight the significant increase i n 0-day 
disclosures during the reporting period. The factors that contributed to the increased number of disclosed 0 -day 
vulnerabilities include  the following.  47 48 51  
• The growing need for more software solutions provides a bigger surface and more opportunities for 
researching and exploiting vulnerabilities . 
• It is likely that n ation -state actors have to use 0 -day exploits to accomplish their goals d ue to the maturing 
security posture of their targets and the security technologies they use .51  
• Nation -state threat actors increasingly dedicate resources to 0 -day research and the development  of 
exploits . We have observed that sometimes these efforts can also lead to policy decisions, e.g. a new law in 
China requires vendors to report 0 -day vulnerab ilities to the government49 50. 
• Another possibility is the increased focus on the supply chain by nation -state actors, which likely 
encourages research into the vulnerability of widely used software technologies. Thus, by exploiting one 0 -
day vulnerability, the threat actors can get initial access to multiple targets.  Google, Microsoft, Apple, and 
Adobe products are indicatively some of the prime targets for such 0 -day vulnerabilities51. 
• The Access -as-a-Service market has matured and been professionali sed, off ering services such as 
vulnerability research, exploitation, and malware payload development (among others)52.  
• Threat hunting and vulnerability research program mes are maturing and developing more capabilities to 
detect 0 -day exploitation in the wild.  
• Through security bulletins, more vendors have started to disclose the 0 -day vulnerabilities of their software 
that were exploited in -the-wild. The same happens for security researchers that publicly disclosed 0 -day 
vulnerabilities before the vendors’ patches ( especially if there was exploitation in -the-wild and no vendor 
patch).  
                                                           
33 CISA - Iranian Government -Sponsored APT Cyber Actors Exploiting Microsoft Exchange and Fortinet Vulnerabilities i n Furtherance of Malicious 
Activities - https://www.cisa.gov/uscert/ncas/alerts/aa21 -321a   
34 CISA -FBI - Joint Advisory on Compromise of Microsoft Exchange Server - https://www.cisa.gov/uscert/ncas/current -activity/2021/03/10/fbi -cisa-joint-
advisory -compromise -microsoft -exchange -server   
35 CISA - Russian Stat e-Sponsored Cyber Actors Gain Network Access by Exploiting Default Multifactor Authentication Protocols and 'PrintNightmare' 
Vulnerability - https://www.cisa.gov/uscert/ncas/alerts/aa22 -074a   
36 Security Affairs - Another nation -state actor exploits Microsoft Follina to attack European and US entities - 
https://securityaffairs.co/wordpress /131992/apt/nation -state -actors -follina -exploits.html   
37 CISA - Exploitation of Pulse Connect Secure Vulnerabilities - https://www.cisa.gov/uscert/ncas/alerts/aa21 -110a   
38 The Record - Micro soft: Ransomware groups, nation -states exploiting Atlassian Confluence vulnerability - https://therecord.media/microsoft -
ransom ware -groups -nation -states -exploiting -atlassian -confluence -vulnerability/   
39 CISA - Threat Actors Exploiting F5 BIG -IP CVE -2022 -1388 - https://www.cisa.gov/uscert/ncas/alerts/aa22 -138a   
40 Bleeping Computer - Log4j vulnerability now used by state -backed hackers, access brokers - 
https://www.bleepingcomputer.com /news/security/log4j -vulnerability -now-used -by-state -backed -hackers -access -brokers/   
41 CERT -EU - Threat Landscape Report 2021 Q4 - Executive Summary - https://media.cert.europa.eu/static/MEMO/2021/TLP -WHITE -2021Q4 -
Threat_Landscape_Report -Executive -Summary -v1.0.pdf   
42 CrowdStrike – 2022 Global Threat Report - https://www.crowdstrike.com/resources/reports/global -threat -report/  
43 Microsoft – Digital Defense Report - https://www.microsoft.com/en -us/security/business/microsoft -digital -defense -report  
44 CISA - People’s Republic of China State -Sponsored Cy ber Actors Exploit Network Providers and Devices - 
https://www.cisa.gov/uscert/ncas/alerts/aa22 -158a   
45 CISA - New Sandworm Malware Cyclops Blink Replaces VPNFilter - https://www.cisa.gov/uscert/ncas/alerts/aa22 -054a   
46 US Department of Justice - Justice Department Announces Court -Authorized Disruption of Botnet Controlled by the Russian Federation’s Main 
Intelligence Directora te (GRU) - https://www.justice.gov/opa/pr/justice -department -announces -court -authorized -disruption -botnet -controlled -russian -
federation   
47 PwC Cyber Threats 2021: A Year in Retrospect - https://www.pwc.com/gx/en/issues/cybersecurity/cyber -threat -
intelligence/cyber -year-in-retrospect.html  
48 esentire - The State of Zero -Day Attacks in 2021 - https://www.esentire.com/resources/library/the -state -of-zero-day-attacks -in-2021     
49 The Hacker News - China's New Law Requires Vendors to Report Zero -Day Bugs to Government - https://thehackernews.com/2021/07/chinas -new-
law-requires -researchers -to.html   
50 CERT -EU - Threat Landscape Report 2021 Q3 - Executive Summary - https://media.cert.europa.eu/static/MEMO/2021/TLP -WHITE -2021Q3 -
Threat_Landscape_Report -Executive -Summary -v1.0.pdf   
51 Google TAG - How we protect users from 0 -day attacks - https://blog.google/threat -analysis -group/how -we-protect -users -0-day-attacks/   
52 Atlantic Council - Countering cyber proliferation: Zeroing in on Access -as-a-Service - https://www.atlanticcouncil.org/in -
depth -research -reports/report/countering -cyber -proliferation -zeroing -in-on-access -as-a-service/   
 Please use footnotes for providing additional or explanatory information and/or relevant links. References should be listed 
in a dedicated section. Use only the function References/Insert Footnote  ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
24 
 • Vulnerability developers have more opportunities to get financial rewards for their 0 -day exploitation work. 
One can make money from 0-day exploits usually by hacking contests, e.g. Tia nfu Cup and Pwn2Own, or 
the underground marketplaces.  
Heightened risk for Operational Technology networks.  In ETL  2021 , our assess ment was  that the interest of state 
actors in targeting critical infrastructure and Operational Technology (OT) networks would  certainly grow in the near 
future. Throughout the reporting period, our assessment held valid as cyber operations targeting such infrastructure 
primarily for the collection of intelligence, deployment of newly observed ICS -targeting malware, and disruptio n were 
all observed . 
According to public report s, three new activity groups (out of 18 in total) have been identified as show ing intent or 
capability to target OT networks53, namely  KOSTOVITE, PETROVITE, and ERYTHRITE. In general, adversaries are 
willing to  dedicate time and resources in compromis ing their targets to harvest information o n the OT networks for 
future purposes. Currently, most adversaries in this space prioriti se pre -positioning and information gathering over 
disruption as strategic objectives53 . 
We also observed two new additions to the short list of ICS -capable malware: Industroyer254 and INCONTROLLER55 
56 (also known as PIPEDREAM57). ICS-specific malware is rare, and Industroyer2 and INCONTROLLER are the sixth 
and seventh known ICS malware, respectively, following Stuxnet58, Havex59, BlackEnergy260, CrashOverride61 or 
Industroyer62, and Trisis  or Triton63 64 65 53. Industroyer2 was detected while analysing an attack against a Ukrainian 
energy company with the intent to cut power in a Ukrainian region during the Russia Ukraine crisis. The perpetrator of 
this attack is assessed to be the state -sponsored threat group San dworm54. INCONTROLLER is very likely a state -
sponsored malware (based on the resources needed for development and research) focused on disruption, 
sabotage, and potential destruction.  
In our assess ment,  state -backed threat actors will step up their reconnaissance against OT networks160 develop 
capabilities and increasingly target them for the foreseeable future, especially during times of crisis and armed 
conflict. We assess that state -backed actors interested in targeting OT networks will continue dedicating resources 
and developing extensible ICS malware frameworks because of their modularity and capability in target ing multiple 
victims and equipment used across multiple industries66. 
Destructive attacks as a prominent comp onent of state actors’ operations.  During the Russia -Ukraine conflict, it 
was observed  that cyber actors conducting operations in concert with kinetic military action67. Part of these 
operations included widespread use of wiper attacks68 to destroy and disru pt networks of governmental agencies and 
critical infrastructure entities. The intentions of the threat actors in using wiper malware are predominantly to degrade 
the function ing of the targeted entities but also to undermine public trust in the country’s leadership, spread FUD 
(fear, uncertainty, and doubt), and facilitate disinformation operations.  
                                                           
53 Dragos – 2021 ICS/OT Cybersecurity Year in Review - https://www.dragos.com/year -in-review/  
54 ESET - Industroyer2: Industroyer reloaded - https://www.welivesecurity.com/2022/04/12/industroyer2 -industroyer -reloaded/   
55 CISA - APT Cyber Tools Targeting ICS/SCADA Devices - https://www.cisa.gov/uscert/ncas/alerts/aa22 -103a   
56 Mandiant - INCONTROLLER: New State -Sponsored Cyber Attack Tools Target Multiple Industrial Control Systems - 
https ://www.mandiant.com/resources/incontroller -state -sponsored -ics-tool  
57 Dragos - CHERNOVITE’s PIPEDREAM Malware Targeting Industrial Control Systems (ICS) - https://www.dragos.com/blog/industry -
news/chernovite -pipedream -malware -targeting -industrial -control -systems/   
58 Wired - An Unprecedented Look at Stuxnet, the World's First Digital Weapon - https://www.wired.com/2014/11/countdown -to-zero-day-stuxnet/   
59 Palo Alto Unit 42 - Why Havex Is a Game -Changing Threat to Industrial Control Systems - https://unit42.palo altonetworks.c   
60 Dragos - The Evolution of Cyber Attacks on Electric Operations - https://www.dragos.com/blog/industry -news/the -evolution -of-cyber-attacks -on-
electric -operations/   
61 Dragos - CRASHOVERRIDE Analysis of the Threat to Electric Grid Operations - https://www.dragos.com/wp -content/uploads/CrashOverride -01.pd f  
62 ESET - Industroyer: Biggest malware threat to critical infrastructure since Stuxnet - https://www.eset.com/int/industroyer/   
63 Dragos - TRISIS Malware Analysis of Safety System Targeted Malware - https://www.dragos.com/wp -content/uploads/TRISIS -01.pdf   
64 Mandiant - Attackers Deploy New ICS Attack Framework 'TRITON' and Cause Operational Disruption to Critical Infrastructure - 
https://www.mandiant.com/resources/attackers -deploy -new-ics-attack -framework -triton   
65 Dragos - PIPEDREAM: CHERNOVITE’S EMERGING MALWARE TARGETING INDUSTRIAL CONTROL SYSTEMS - 
https://hub.dragos.com/hubfs/116 -Whitepapers/Dragos_ChernoviteWP_v2b.pdf?hsLang=en   
66 Mandiant - INDUSTROYER.V2: Old Malware Learns New Tricks - https://www.mandiant.com/resources/industroyer -v2-old-malware -new-tricks   
67 Microsoft – Special Report: Ukr aine – An overview of Russia’s cyberattack activity in Ukraine - 
https://query.prod.cms.rt.microsoft.com/cms/api/am/binary/RE4Vwwd   
68 Max Smeets – Wipers - https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1qpVZVaSmxNELB2DaGEDzp6QNG236KcC3wPmGUtMQ -zQ/edit#gid=0   
 Please use footnotes for providing additional or explanatory information and/or relevant links. References should be listed 
in a dedicated section. Use only the function References/Insert Footnote  ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
25 
 As of the time of writing, state -sponsored threat actors have deployed nine wiper malware families: WhisperGate69 or 
WhisperKill, Hermetic Wiper70, CaddyWiper71, DesertBlade72, AcidRain73, Industroyer254, IsaacWiper74, and 
DoubleZero75. Apart from the sheer number of distinct wiper malware families observed, the tempo of th ese 
operations was also relatively high. From 23 February 2022 to 8 April 2022, Microsoft reported that they saw 40 
discrete destructive attacks targeting hundreds of systems in dozens of Ukrainian organi sations  67 
An interesting observation was the targeting of satellite communications in which the AcidRain wiper malware was 
used. The EU76, US77, and the UK78 (among others79) formally pointed at Russia for  hacking Viasat (a commercial 
satellite communication company) before the Ukraine invasion. The impact of this attack was particularly observed in 
Ukraine as Viasat satellite modems were not functioning. There was also spill -over across central Europe as w ind 
farms were disrupted80 and satellite internet connectivity was impacted.  
It is our assess ment  that destructive  or disruptive operations by state -backed actors will certainly continue as the 
conflict goes on . Within Ukraine, the prime targets include the  government and military networks and the energy and 
communications sectors from the  perspective of  critical infrastructure. Further disruptive operations could 
potentionally  spill-over to other countries.  
Furthermore, it is our assess ment  that Western  or NATO allies (especially critical infrastructure entities81) will likely be 
targeted as part of retaliatory actions in response to the sanctions imposed on Russia and the support provided to 
Ukraine82. There is a possibility that some pro -Russia cybercrime ra nsomware groups will be coordinated to conduct 
destructive operations against western organi sations. Finally, state -sponsored groups may leverage existing 
ransomware variants to disguise their operations in order to generate plausible deniability of their activities  83.189 
Public attribution  and legal actions continue.  Last year in ETL 2021, we highlighted the trend of governments 
'stepping up their game ' to disrupt, 'name and shame ', and take legal action against state -sponsored threat actors.22 
During the reporting period, many significant events took place i nvolving state -sponsored actors .  
• A Venezuelan was charged for using and selling ransomware associated with Iran84. This indictment 
provides an indication of  the interest of state -backed actors in leveraging ransomware (and buying this 
capability) to achieve their strategic goals85, although this aspect needs to be further examined . 
                                                           
69 CISA - Update: Destructive Malware Targeting  Organizations in Ukraine - https://www.cisa.gov/uscert/ncas/alerts/aa22 -057a   
70 Sentinel LABS - HermeticWiper | New Destructive Malware Used In Cyber Attacks on Ukraine    - https://www.sentinelone.com/labs/hermetic -wiper -
ukraine -under -attack/   
71 ESET - CaddyWiper: New wiper malware discovered in Ukraine - https://www.welivesecurity.com/2022/03/15/caddywiper -new-wiper -malware -
discovered -ukraine/   
72 Microsoft - Cyber threat activity in Ukraine: analysis and resources - https://msrc -blog.microsoft.com/2022/02/28/analysis -resources -cyber -threat -
activity -ukraine/   
73 Sentinel LABS - AcidRain | A Modem Wiper Rains Down on Europe - https://www.sentinelone .com/labs/acidrain -a-modem -wiper -rains -down -on-
europe/  
74 ESET - IsaacWiper and HermeticWizard: New wiper and worm targeting Ukraine - https:// www.welivesecurity.com/2022/03/01/isaacwiper -
hermeticwizard -wiper -worm -targeting -ukraine/   
75 Security Affairs - Ukrainian enterprises hit with the DoubleZero wiper - https://securityaffairs.co/wordpress/129417/malware/doublezero -wiper -hit-
ukraine.html   
76 European Council - Russian cyber operations against Ukraine: Declaration by the High Representative on behalf of the European Union - 
https://www.consilium.europa.eu/en/press/press -releases/2022/05/10/russian -cyber -operations -against -ukraine -declaration -by-the-high-representative -
on-behalf -of-the-european -union/   
77 U.S. Department of State - Attribution of Russia’s Malicious Cyber Activity Against Ukraine - https://www.state.gov/attribution -of-russias -malicious -
cyber -activity -against -ukraine/   
78 GOV.UK - Russia behind cyber -attack with Europe -wide impact an hour before Ukraine invasion - https://www.gov.uk/government/news/russia -
behind -cyber -attack -with-europe -wide-impact -an-hour-before -ukraine -invasion   
79 Washington Post - U.S. allies blame Russia for a cyberattack early in its Ukraine invasion - https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/2022/05/11/us -
allies -blame-russia -cyberattack -early -its-ukraine -invasion/   
80 Reuters - Satellite outage knocks out thousands of Enercon's wind turbines - https://www.reuters.com/business/energy/satellite -outage -knocks -out-
control -enercon -wind-turbines -2022 -02-28/  
81 CISA - Russian State -Sponsored and Criminal Cyber Threats to Critical Infrastructure - https://www.cisa.gov/uscert/ncas/alerts/aa22 -110a   
82 IT World Canada - Canadian, US, UK sanctions may spark retaliatory cyberattacks on Western critical infrastructure - 
https://www.itworldcanada.com/article/us -uk-sanctions -may-spark -retaliatory -cyber -attacks -on-western -critical -infrastructure/474071   
83 The Hacker News - State -Backed Hackers Using Ran somware as a Decoy for Cyber Espionage Attacks - https://thehackernews.com/2022/06/state -
backed -hackers -using -ransomware.html   
84 U.S. Department of Justice - Hacke r and Ransomware Designer Charged for Use and Sale of Ransomware, and Profit Sharing Arrangements with 
Cybercriminals - https://www.justice.gov/usao -edny/pr/hacker -and-ransomware -designer -charged -use-and-sale-ransomware -and-profit -sharing   
85 The Institute for National Security Studies - Iranian Cyber Influence Operations against Israel Disguised as Ransomware Attacks - 
https://www.inss.org.il/publication/cyber -iran/  
 Please use footnotes for providing additional or explanatory information and/or relevant links. References should be listed 
in a dedicated section. Use only the function References/Insert Footnote  ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
26 
 • The USA charged four operators of state -sponsored threat group APT4086.  
• Ukraine’s Security Service (SBU) indict ed three operators of the group Gamaredon87.  
• Two Iranian were charged with carrying out cyber campaigns and influence operations related to the 2020 
US Presidential election88.    
• The US Department of Treasury sanctioned Blender cryptocurrency mixer service after laundering crypto 
for the state -sponsored Lazarus threa t group89.  
• Four Russians were charged with participating in the Triton and Dragonfly cyber operations against critical 
infrastructure90. 
• UC Berkeley’s Human Rights Centr e sent a formal request to the Office of the Prosecutor for the 
International Criminal C ourt in the Hague to prosecute the Sandworm threat group on charges of war 
crimes for its involvement in shutting off power in Ukraine during 2015 and 201691. 
• The FBI shut down a botnet named Cyclops Blink, controlled by Russia’s military intelligence servi ce 
(GRU)92. 
• The EU and US allies formally attributed the cyberattack against commercial satellite company Viasat to 
Russia93 94. 
• The EU and Member States have strongly condemned the cyberattacks against Ukraine95 and the 
Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attacks against several Member States of the EU96. 
• The Attorney General has issued an arrest warrant for a hacker of the state -sponsored APT28 group97. The 
adversary conducted cyber espionage against a NATO think  tank in 2017.  
In our view, a s cyber operations have become a priority for governments, we will certainly observe increased efforts 
by them in the public attribution of cyber campaigns, the disruption of the infrastructure  of adversaries , and 
indictments t o 'name and shame ' operators6. It is also our assess ment  that more states will likely continue to take 
legal actions against threat actors in this area in the near to mid -term future.  
On the other hand, it is still unclear how these activities will deter highly sophisticated and determined state -backed 
threat actors in the long term. A good example is the state -sponsored threat group APT41 which had seven of its  
operators indicted by the US Department of Justice and part of its infrastructure seized on 7 September 202098. 
However, the group set up a new infrastructure and continued its operations from late 2021 until mid-202247 . Another 
example is the threat group APT40 which kept advertising for new recruits despite its indictment by the FBI99. These 
                                                           
86 U.S. Department of Justice - Four Chinese Nationals Working with the Ministry of State Security Charged with Global Computer Intrusion Campaign 
Targeting Intellectual Property and Confidential Business Information, Including Infectious Disease Research - https://www .justice.gov/opa/pr/four -
chinese -nationals -working -ministry -state -security -charged -global -computer -intrusion   
87 Kyiv Post - SBU unveils names of Russian hackers attacking Ukraine since 2014 - https://www.kyivpost.com/technology/sbu -unveils -names -of-
russian -hackers -attacking -ukraine -since -2014.html   
88 U.S. Department of Justice - Two Iranian Nationals Charged for Cyber -Enabled Disinforma tion and Threat Campaign Designed to Influence the 2020 
U.S. Presidential Election - https://www.justice.gov/opa/pr/two -iranian -nationals -charged -cyber -enabled -disinformation -and-threat -campaign -designed   
89 U.S. Department of Treasury - Cyber -related Designation; North Korea Designation Update -   https://home.treasury.gov/policy -issues/financial -
sanctions/recent -actions/20220506   
90 U.S. Department of Justice - Four Russian Government Employees Charged in Two Historical Hacking Campaigns Targeting Critical Infrastructure 
Worldw ide - https://www.justice.gov/opa/pr/four -russian -government -employees -charged -two-historical -hacking -campaigns -targeting -critical   
91 Wired - The Case for War Crimes Charges Against Russia’s Sandworm Hackers - https://www.wired.com/story/cyber -war-crimes -sandworm -russia -
ukraine/   
92 U.S. Department of Justice - Justice Department Announces Court -Authorized Disruption of Botnet Controlled by the Russian Federation’s Main 
Intelligence Directorate (GRU) - https://www.justice.gov/opa/pr/justice -department -announces -court -authorized -disruption -botnet -controlled -russian -
federation   
93 Council of the EU - Russian cyber operations against Ukraine: Declaration by the High Representative on behalf of the European Union - 
https://www.consilium.europa.eu/en/press/press -releases/2022/05/10/russian -cyber -operations -against -ukraine -declaration -by-the-high-representative -
on-behalf -of-the-europe an-union/   
94 Washington Post - U.S. allies blame Russia for a cyberattack early in its Ukraine invasion - https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/2022/05/11/us -
allies -blame -russia -cyberattack -early -its-ukraine -invasion/   
95 Council of the EU - Ukraine: Declaration by the High Representative on behalf of the European Union on the cyberattack against Ukraine - 
https://www.consilium.europa.eu/en/press/press -releases/2022 /01/14/ukraine -declaration -by-the-high-representative -on-behalf -of-the-european -union -
on-the-cyberattack -against -ukraine/   
96 Council of the EU - Declaration by the High Representative on behalf of the European Union on malicious cyber activities conducted by hackers and 
hacker groups in the context of Russia’s aggression against Ukraine - https://www.consilium.europa.eu/en/press/press -
releases/2022/07/19/declaration -by-the-high-representative -on-behalf -of-the-european -union -on-maliciou s-cyber -activities -conducted -by-hackers -and-
hacker -groups -in-the-context -of-russia -s-aggression -against -ukraine/   
97 Security Affairs - Russian APT28 hacker accused of the NATO think tank hack in Germany - 
https://securityaffairs.co/wordpress/132452/hacking/apt28 -hacked -nato-think -tank.html   
98 U.S. Department of Justice - Seven International Cyber Defendants, Including 'Apt41' Actors, Charged In Connection W ith Computer Intrusion 
Campaigns Against More Than 100 Victims Globally - https://www.justice.gov/opa/pr/seven -internatio nal-cyber -defendants -including -apt41 -actors -
charged -connection -computer   
99 Financial Times - Chinese hackers kept up hiring drive despite FBI indictment - https://www.ft.com/co ntent/341d7b60 -228d -497e -bbb3 -
14ac0537f96a   
 Please use footnotes for providing additional or explanatory information and/or relevant links. References should be listed 
in a dedicated section. Use only the function References/Insert Footnote  ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
27 
 examples indicate that sometimes the indictments of the operators of a threat group may not have a significant 
impact on the (cyber) operations of th at threat group139 and further coordinated actions are encouraged.  
State -backed threat actors increasingly focus on supply chain compromises. Supply chain compromises 
accounted for 17% (or up to 62% according t o other sources100) of the intrusions in 2021 compared to less than 1% 
during 202031.Since the revelation of the SolarWinds supply chain campaign in December 2020 , state -backed threat 
actors have realised the potential and have increasingly targeted third parties to expand their cyber operations 
downstream to their clients.  
Cloud Service Providers (CSPs), Managed Services Providers (MSPs), and IT services organi sations are prime 
targets for threat actors to exploit their trust relationships to conduct nefarious operations101. The NOBELIUM activity 
group consistently targeted service providers and their downstream customers. At the same time, threat actors 
targeted ov er 40 IT services companies (primarily based in India) to access their clients’ networks102.  
In our  assess ment  state -backed threat actors will certainly further develop their toolsets to target and compromise 
supply chains103 as indirect vectors to achieve th eir objectives. Software supply chain attacks (e.g. open -source 
software development libraries, popular software packages, software platform compromises, etc.) will very likely be 
leveraged by well -funded state -backed groups to get a foothold in the networ ks of hundreds of victim s 143 
Geopolitics continue to influence  cyber operations. As mentioned in ETL 2021, geopolitics is one of the key 
driver for collecting intelligence through cyber operations. It was observed  that targeting increases consistently with 
increasing geopolitical tensions  47.  
According to public report s, several cyber operations have been observed against Ukrainian entities by state -backed 
groups due to the ongoing armed conflict43. These threat  groups focused on initial access operations and collection of 
intelligence that would give military forces any tactical or strategic advantage. State -sponsored threat actors have 
also targeted 128 governmental organ isations in 42 countries that support Uk raine ( The USA, The EU, Poland, 
countries bordering Russia, and NATO members were prioriti sed)104.  
Security researchers believe there is a direct link between a county’s 5 -Year Plan105 and the targets of state -
sponsored threat groups31. These threat groups are reportedly tasked with collect ing intelligence on investments, 
negotiations, and influence related to the Belt and Road Initiative43. During the reporting period, state -sponsored 
threat actors have been observed targeting entities from countries in Southeast Asia, Japan106, Australia107 and 
Taiwan108. Due to increased tensions between specific countries in the Asian Region, an interesting observation is 
that state -sponsored threat actors have targeted countries (including Member States of the EU) that had established 
closer ties with Taiwan109. Ano ther interesting development is that some threat actors targeted Ukrainian110 and 
Russian111 entities during the early days of the conflict, likely for the collection of intelligence.  
                                                           
100 Verizon – 2022 DBIR    - https://www.verizon.com/business/resources/reports/dbir/2022/master -guide/   
101 CISA, NSA, FBI - CISA, NSA, FBI AND INTERNATIONAL CYBER AUTHORITIES ISSUE CYBERSECURITY ADVISORY TO PROTECT 
MANAGED SERVICE PROVIDERS (MSP) AND CUSTOMERS - https://www.cisa.gov/news/2022/05/11/joint -cybersecurity -advisory -protect -msp-
providers -and-customers   
102 Microsoft - Iranian targeting of IT sector on the rise -   https://www.microsoft.com/security/blog/2021/11/18/iranian -targeting -of-it-sector -on-the-rise/  
103 Microsoft - NOBELIUM targeting delegated administrative privileges to facilitate broader attacks - 
https://www.microsoft.com/security/blog/2021/10/25/nobelium -targeting -delegated -administrative -privileges -to-facilitate -broader -attacks/   
104 Microsoft - Defending Ukraine: Early Lessons from the Cyber War - https://blogs.microsoft.com/on -the-issues/2022/06/22/defending -ukrai ne-early -
lessons -from-the-cyber -war/  
105 DIGICHINA - Translation: 14th Five -Year Plan for National Informatization – Dec. 2021 - https ://digichina.stanford.edu/work/translation -14th-five-
year-plan-for-national -informatization -dec-2021/   
106 Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Japan - Cases of cyberattacks including those by a group known as APT40 which the Chinese government is behind 
(Statemen t by Press Secretary YOSHIDA Tomoyuki) - https://www.mofa.go.jp/press/danwa/press6e_000312.html   
107 The Hacker News - A Decade -Long Chinese Espionage Campaign Targets Southeast Asia and Australia    - https://thehackernews.com/2022/06/a -
decade -long-chinese -espionage.html   
108 The Record - Chinese hackers linked to months -long attack on Taiwanese financial sector - https://therecord.media/chinese -hackers -linked -to-
months -long-attack -on-taiwanese -financial -sector/   
109 State Security department of  the Republic of Lithuania - NATIONAL THREAT ASSESSMENT 2022 - https://www.vsd.lt/wp -
content/uploads/2022/04/ANGL -el-_.pdf   
110 BBC - Mystery of alleged Chinese hack on eve of Ukrain e invasion - https://www.bbc.com/news/technology -60983346   
111 CheckPoint - Twisted Panda: Chinese APT espionage operation against Russian’s state -owned defense institutes - 
https://research.checkpoint.com/2022/twisted -panda -chinese -apt-espionage -operation -against -russians -state -owned -defense -institutes/   
 Please use footnotes for providing additional or explanatory information and/or relevant links. References should be listed 
in a dedicated section. Use only the function References/Insert Footnote  ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
28 
 Additionally, threat actors have reportedly targeted entities in the Middle  Eastern  area as tensions have escalated 
between various countries. These actors widely adopted ransomware  and43 'lock-and-leak'47 information operations, 
and they mainly targeted organi sations in Israel and the US A, and in the Middle East and North Africa n region s. The 
cyber operations between these countries in the Middle Eastern area ha d reached such a scale that they also 
affected civilians112.  
Cyber operations reportedly targeted South Korean, US, European, and Japanese entities43. The threat actors 
strongly focused on collecting diplomatic and geopolitical intelligence, likely driven by its requirements related to the 
sanctions imposed on their state43. In this particular case, another main driver for its cyber operations is the 
acquisition of financial resources, primarily through crypto heists113.  
Due to the volatile international situation, we expect to observe more cyber ope rations being driven by geopolitics in 
the near to mid -term. The geopolitical situation in areas like the Middle East, Eastern Mediterranean, Artic Region, 
Baltics, Afghanistan, Yemen, Syria, and Libya might trigger cyber operations and potentially damagin g cyber -
attacks.181 It needs to be nonetheless clarified, that the cyber operation triggered by the geopolitical situation in 
Ukraine have a bigger potential, relevance and connection to the EU.  
Finally, during the reporting period, we also observed cyber campaigns from threat groups that reportedly had 
connections with an increasing number of states such as Vietnam, Turkey, Pakistan, India, Ukraine, Belarus, an d 
others114. We expect to see more and more states deploying their cyber capabilities for the collection of intelligence, 
especially in times of increased tensions or conflict.  
Armies of cyber volunteers?  
The armed conflict in Ukraine mobil ised many hacktivists, cybercrime, and nation -state groups115. The case of the IT 
Army of Ukraine116 is a unique case that is difficult to categor ise; it could be considered a hacktivist group of 
volunteers, or a state -backed group or a hybrid one. As of the time of wri ting, the cyber security community has not 
reached a consensus. The IT Army of Ukraine will definitely feed future scholars in cyber warfare studies, and it might 
highlight a trend in future conflicts.  
On 26 February 2022, Ukraine’s deputy prime minister a nd minister for digital transformation announced the creation 
of Ukraine’s IT Army117. The announcement was a call for volunteers whose actions on the cyber front were 
coordinated through a Telegram channel (the channel had 300.000 subscribers)118. Ukraine’s I T Army managed to 
target various entities and conducted mostly  coordinated Distributed Denial of Services (DDoS) attacks  but was not 
limited to such attacks119 293. 
At the time of the Russian invasion, Ukraine had no military cyber command unit120. Based on the model of Estonia’s 
Cyber Defen ce League121, as well as out of necessity, Ukraine managed to create a hybrid entity that is quite difficult 
to categori se as it is comprised of Ukrainian and international civilians, private companies, as well as Ukrainian 
defence and military person nel. It is not a civilian , military, public , private, local or international entity122. Moreover, it 
                                                           
112 The New York Times - Israel and Iran Broaden Cyberwar to Attack Civilian Targets - https://www.nytimes.com/2021/11/27/world/middleeast/iran -
israel -cyber -hack.html   
113 Mandiant - Not So Lazarus: Mapping DPRK Cyber Threat Groups to Government Organizations - https://www.mandiant.com/resources/mapping -
dprk-groups -to-government   
114 Mandiant - UNC1151 Assessed with High Confidence to have Links to Belarus, Ghostwriter Campaign Aligned with Belarusian Government 
Interests - https://www.mandiant.com /resources/unc1151 -linked -to-belarus -government   
115 Cyberknow - Update 15. 2022 Russia -Ukraine war — Cyber group tracker. June 13. - https://cyberknow.medium.com/update -15-2022 -russia -
ukraine -war-cyber -group -tracker -june-13-35289e4bfdb7   
116 CFR - Ukrainian IT Army - https://www.cfr.org/cyber -operations/ukrainian -it-army  
117 Twitter – Mykhailo Fedorov - https://twitter.com/FedorovMykhailo/status/1497642156076511233   
118 Telegram – itarmyofukraine2022 - https://t.me/itarmyofukraine2022   
119 CrowdStrike - Compromised Docker Honeypots Used for Pro -Ukrainian DoS Attack - https://www.crowdstrik e.com/blog/compromised -docker -
honeypots -used -for-pro-ukrainian -dos-attack/   
120 Foreign Policy - Don’t Underestimate Ukraine’s Volunteer Hackers - https://foreignpolicy.com/2022/04/11/russia -cyberwarfare -us-ukraine -volunteer -
hackers -it-army/   
121 KAITSELIIT - Estonian Defence League’s Cyber Unit - https://www.kaitseliit.ee/en/cyber -unit  
 Please use footnotes for providing additional or explanatory information and/or relevant links. References should be listed 
in a dedicated section. Use only the function References/Insert Footnote  ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
29 
 raises topics for discussion related to international laws in cyberspace, state cyber norms, the targeting of civilian 
infrastructure, and the ethics of private companies122.  
It is our assess ment  that state actors will likely adopt the structure and setup of the IT Army of Ukraine as a blueprint 
for non -state participation in future conflicts122 132 (especially for states that lack an organ ised military cyber command 
unit). It is also likely that these crowdsourced cyber armies will i ncorporate a non -public side which will further 
complicate their structure, operational conduct, and analysis by the cyber community, scholars, and cyber warfare 
analysts.  
Tech companies’ increasing defensive role in cyber operations during conflicts.  
During the Russian invasion of Ukraine, it was observed  for the first time that some big technology companies  were  
taking sides and supporting Ukraine in the cyber war front  132 123. The most prominent example is Microsoft which 
provided support to Ukrainian cybersecurity officials to tackle FoxBlade malware124 as well as awareness and 
intelligence reports on Russian cyber operations125 126. Microsoft and AWS have been awarded the 'Peace Prize ' by 
the President of Ukraine, Volodymyr Zelenskyy127. 
We would like to emphasise that this trend is interesting but also challenging to assess. Currently, the long -term 
consequences of such  a strong alig nment with one side of the conflict are not well understood  132. Moreover, 
discussions are being raised about the role and responsibilities of private companie s in future cyber operations during 
conflicts (e.g. should tech companies take on the burden of defen ce?132).  
Increasing sophistication and scope of disinform ation43.  
Several state -backed actors have built the capability to use social media platforms, search engines and messaging 
services to disseminate disinformat ion. Their approach differs from the traditional disinformation campaigns since 
these services provide out -of-the-box tools to test and optimi se their content and monitor the outreach and impact of 
disinformation campaigns43. Moreover, developments in Machine Learning (ML), Artificial Intelligence (AI), deep 
fakes, and voice biometrics have provided threat actors with powerful tools to create misleading content f or their 
campaigns43.  
Some of the significant information developments that we re observed during the reporting include  the following.  
• Influence operations  that were either financially motivated or linked to a state  128 129 130 (e.g. Turkey, Iraq, 
China, Russia, Latin America, Philippines, Iran, Sudan, Uganda, China, Nica ragua, etc.)  were active.  
• Chinese threat groups too were active on social media to amplify pro -Chinese messages50 and information 
operations in Europe originat ing from China and Russia41.  
• There were c oordinated information operations related to the Russia -Ukraine crisis (and linked to Russian 
threat actors)130. Some information operations coincided with disruptive  or destructive and other cyber 
threat activity, while others contained fabricated content and promoted Russian favoured narratives via 
various platforms131. Moreover, some leaks and dumps of information from p ro-Russia and pro -Ukraine 
actors had psychological effects on the ground132. 
                                                           
122 ETH Zurich CSS – Stefan Soesanto - The IT Army of Ukraine Structure, Tasking, and Ecosystem - https://css.ethz.ch/content/dam/ethz/special -
interest/gess/cis/center -for-securities -studies/pdfs/Cyber -Reports -2022 -06-IT-Army -of-Ukraine.pdf   
123 Miko Hypponen - Mikko Hypponen 'Ctrl-Z' at #SPHERE22 - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yjogm9ejcPQ   
124 New York Times - As Tanks Rolled Into Ukraine, So Did Malware. Then Microsoft Entered the War. - 
https://www.nyti mes.com/2022/02/28/us/politics/ukraine -russia -microsoft.html   
125 Microsoft - Disrupting cyberattacks targeting Ukraine - https://blogs.microsoft.com/ on-the-issues/2022/04/07/cyberattacks -ukraine -strontium -russia/   
126 Microsoft - The hybrid war in Ukraine - https://blogs.microsoft.com/on -the-issue s/2022/04/27/hybrid -war-ukraine -russia -cyberattacks/   
127 TechRadar - Microsoft and AWS awarded Ukrainian peace prize for cloud efforts - https://www.techradar.com/news/microsoft -and-aws-awarded -
ukrainian -peace -prize -for-cloud -efforts   
128 Google Threat Analysis Group - TAG Bulletin: Q4 2021 - https://blog.google/t hreat -analysis -group/tag -bulletin -q4-2021/     
129 Google Threat Analysis Group - TAG Bulletin: Q3 2021 - https://blog.google/threat -analysis -group/tag -bulletin -q3-2021/   
130 Google  Threat Analysis Group - TAG Bulletin: Q1 2022 - https://blog.google/threat -analysis -group/tag -bulletin -q1-2022/   
131 Mandiant - The IO Offensive: Information Operations Surround ing the Russian Invasion of Ukraine - 
https://www.mandiant.com/resources/information -operations -surrounding -ukraine   
132 ECCRI - Cyber Operations during the 2022 Ru ssian invasion of Ukraine: Lessons Learned (so far) - https://eccri.eu/wp -
content/uploads/2022/07/ECCRI_WorkshopReport_Version -Online.pdf   
 Please use footnotes for providing additional or explanatory information and/or relevant links. References should be listed 
in a dedicated section. Use only the function References/Insert Footnote  ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
30 
 • Actors conducting p ro-China and pro -Iran information operations took opportunistic advantage of the 
Russian invasion to further progress their strategic objectives134. 
• According to a public report133, there has indeed been a 'Russification ' of Chinese influence operations 
since about 2017. The report mentions that China 'draws inspiration f rom Russia ' and that there is a certain 
degree of cooperation.  
• One of the major groups conducting cyber -enabled information attacks in Europe is Ghostwriter, linked to 
Belarusian interests  134135109.  
• Two Iranian nationals were charged with conducting cyber -enabled disinformation to influence the 2020 US 
Presidential Election136. 
• Several threat actors ( such as Moses Staff137 and Black Shadow138) have conducted a number of hack and 
leak operations, mostly against targets within Israel. These operations have also included a disruptive 
element.  
It is our assess ment  that nation -backed threat actors will certainly be conducting information operations for the 
foreseeable future.  As the Russia -Ukraine conflict progresses, we expect information operations related to the conflict 
to expand in scope and outside Eastern Europe , in addition to being leveraged to serve the strategic objectives of 
various states131. Finally, we would like to emphasise to governments and media organisations the heightened risk of 
cyber operations (compromise, disruption, and informatio n operations) during high -profile physical or geopolitical 
events.  
2.2 CYBERCRIME ACTOR TRENDS  
Cybercriminals exhibit increasing capability and interest in supply chain attacks . While supply chain attacks 
are primarily associated with state -backed actors139, cyb ercriminals became more interested and proficient in the 
supply chain as an attack vector to conduct their operations during the reporting period. During the reporting period, 
supply chain attacks have become increasingly interconnected with ransomware cam paigns140 141 142, allowing the 
threat actors to increase the scale of their operations with a single initial compromise150. Such supply chain attacks 
usually lead t o ransomware deployment, coin mining, stealing cryptocurrency, or stealing credentials that will enable 
cybercriminals to facilitate their malicious activities further.  
Public reports say supply chain attacks are related to poisoned developer libraries and  software platform 
compromises143. Software supply chain attacks (e.g. via widely deployed software) can have a high impact and 
143disrupt critical services or e ven services not directly affected. Indicative examples of such attacks include the Node 
Package Manager (NPM) package compromises144 145 143 exploitation of the Log4j Java logging library 
vulnerability144, malicious python library manager PyPi packages 146 147, and malicious RubyGems packages148. Major 
                                                           
133 French Institut e for Strategic Research - CHINESE INFLUENCE OPERATIONS - https://www.irsem.fr/report.html   
134 Mandiant - UNC1151 Assessed with High Confidence to have Links to Belarus, Ghostwriter Campaign Aligned with Bela rusian Government 
Interests - https://www.mandiant.com/resources/unc1151 -linked -to-belarus -government   
135  Mandiant – M-Trends 2022 - https://www.mandiant.com/resources/m -trends -2022   
136 U.S. Department of Justice - Two Iranian Nationals Charged for Cyber -Enabled Disinformation and Threat Campaign Designed to Influence the 
2020 U.S. Presidential Election - https://www.justice.gov/opa/pr/two -iranian -nationals -charged -cyber -enabled -disinformation -and-threat -campaign -
designed   
137 Bleeping Computer - Moses Staff hackers wreak havoc on Israeli orgs with ransomless encryptions -   
https://www.bleepingcomputer.com/news/security/moses -staff-hackers -wreak -havoc -on-israeli -orgs-with-ransomless -encryptions/   
138 Cyber Scoop - Hack -and-leak group Black Shadow keeps targeting Israeli victims - https://www.cyberscoop.com/hack -and-leak-group -black -
shadow -keeps -targeting -israeli -victims/   
139 PwC Cyber Threats 2021: A Year in Retrospect - https://www.pwc.com/gx/en/issues/cybersecurity/cyber -threat -
intelligence/cyber -year-in-retrospect.html   
140 Trend Micro Security Prediction for 2022 - https://www.trendmicro.com/vinfo/us/security/research -and-analysis/predictions/2022   
141 Europol - Internet Organised Crime Threat Assessment (IOCTA) - https://www.europol.europa.eu/publications -events/main -reports/internet -
organised -crime -threat -assessment -iocta -2021   
142 Tenable – 2021 Threat Landscape Retrospective - https://www.tenable.com/cyber -exposure/2021 -threat -landscape -retrospective   
143 Accenture – Cyber Threat Intelligence Report – Volume 2 - 2021 - https://www.accenture.com/_acnmedia/PDF -173/Accenture -Cyber -Threat -
Intelligence -Report -Vol-2.pdf   
144 Red Canary 2022 Threat Detection Report - https://resource.redcanary.com/rs/003 -YRU -314/images/2022_ThreatDetectionReport_RedCanary.pdf   
145 CISA – Malware Discovered in Popular NPM package, ua -parser -js - https://www.cisa.gov/uscert/ncas/current -activity/2021/10/22/malware -
discovered -popular -npm-package -ua-parser -js  
146 JFrog - Python Malwa re Imitates Signed PyPI Traffic in Novel Exfiltration Technique - https://jfrog.com/blog/python -malware -imitates -signed -pypi-
traffic -in-nove l-exfiltration -technique/   
147 JFrog -  JFrog Detects Malicious PyPI Packages Stealing Credit Cards and Injecting Code - https://jfrog.com/blog /malicious -pypi-packages -stealing -
credit -cards -injecting -code/#products   
148 Bleeping Computer - Malicious RubyGems packages used in cryptocurrency supply chain attack - 
https://www.bleepingcomputer.com/news/security/malicious -rubygems -packages -used -in-cryptocurrency -supply -chain -attack/   
 Please use footnotes for providing additional or explanatory information and/or relevant links. References should be listed 
in a dedicated section. Use only the function References/Insert Footnote  ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
31 
 obstacles to detecting  and defending against such attacks are the large number of interdependencies of various 
open -source packages and the fact that most organi sations do not audit, manage or inspect the third -party packages 
imported into supply chains and trusted environments149.  
Managed Service Providers (MSPs) have also been increasingly targeted by ransomware threat groups150 (as well as 
state -sponsored groups) due to their trusted network connectivity and privileged access to their customers. In May 
2022, the cybersecurity au thorities of the United Kingdom, Australia, Canada, New Zealand and the United States 
released an alert informing organi sations about the cyber threats to MSPs and their customers151. 
We expect cybercriminals to continue targeting the software supply chain a nd MSPs for the foreseeable future. 
Cybercrime threat actors will certainly be further enabled by the increased focus o n Access -as-a-Service (AaaS) 
brokers in supply chain targeting. Cybercriminals are also likely to target the management tools used by MSP s such 
as professional services automation software (PSA) or remote monitoring and management (RMM) tools152. Finally, 
we expect the continued exploitation of critical vulnerabilities in the remote execution  of code  affecting the software 
supply chain (e.g. Log4j) in upcoming months145. Organi sations are advised to include such supply chain attacks in 
their threat model ling process and evolve their strategies by ap plying the zero -trust approach in their security 
practices140. Moreover, the third-party risk teams of organisations should work with their critical suppliers and partners 
on enhancing their security processes and should define contractual commitments on the basis of acceptable risk 
levels151. 
Widespread cloud adoption provides attack opportunities for cybercriminals. COVID -19 has accelerated the 
adoption of cloud -based services supporting the business processes of organi sations. Since cybercriminals follow 
trends in technology , it comes as no surprise that cybercriminals are targeting cloud environments.  
Cybercriminals target cloud services mostly in the following ways.   
• Exploiting cloud vulnerabilities : virtual isation infrastructure has been increasingly targeted (e.g. VMWare  
vSphere and ESXi platforms160) by cybercriminals and especially by ransomware groups153. 
• Using cloud services for hosting their infrastructure : cybercriminals take advantage of the highly scalable 
and reliable cloud infrastructure  143and use legitimate cloud services to bypass security controls by blending 
into normal network traffic154.  
• Targeting cloud credentials : cybercriminals u se social engineering attacks to harvest c redentials for cloud 
services (e.g. Microsoft Office 365, Okta, etc.)154.  
• Exploiting misconfigured image containers  154cybercriminals increasingly target poorly configured Docker 
containers155 and Kubernetes clusters156.  
• Targeting cloud instances for cryptomining157 (e.g. TeamTNT group) : security researchers have identifie d a 
cloud -focused toolset from the TeamTNT group158.  
• Targeting cloud infrastructure (e.g. Azure AD), cloud application programming interfaces (APIs), and cloud -
hosted backups by ransomware groups  150to infiltrate cloud environments  154and increase impact143. 
It is our assess ment  that cybercriminals will certainly continue to compromise and abuse cloud environments as cloud 
adoption grows159140. We expect more malware families to shift their targeting from generic Linux systems to 
container platforms used in cloud solutions (e.g. Docker)160. At the same time, ransomware groups will continue 
                                                           
149 Palo Alto Networks – Unit 42 Cloud Threat Report 2H 2021 - https://www.paloaltonetworks.com/prisma/unit42 -cloud -threat -research -2h21   
150 CISA - 2021 Trends Show Increased Globalized Threat of Ransomware - https://www.cisa.gov/uscert/ncas/alerts/aa22 -040a   
151 CISA - Protecting Against Cyber Threats to Managed Service Providers and their Customers - https://www.cisa.gov/uscert/ncas/alerts/aa22 -131a   
152 Acronis Cyberthreats Report 2022 - https://www.acronis.com/en -us/blog/posts/acronis -cyberthreats -report -2022 -unveils -cyberthreat -predictions/   
153 Mandiant – M-Trends 2022 - https://www.mandiant.com/resources/m -trends -2022   
154 CrowdStrike – 2022 Global Threat Report - https://www.crowdstrike.com/resources/reports/global -threat -report/   
155 CrowdStrike - LemonDuck Targets Docker for Cryptomining Operations - https://www.crowdstrike.com/blog/lemonduck -botnet -targets -docker -for-
cryptomining -operations/   
156 Bleepeng Computer - Attackers deploy cryptominers on Kubernetes clusters via Argo Workflo ws - 
https://www.bleepingcomputer.com/news/security/attackers -deploy -cryptominers -on-kubernetes -clusters -via-argo-workfl ows/  
157 Google Cloud – Threat Horizons – Cloud Threat Intelligence November 2021 - 
https://services.google.com/fh/files/misc/gcat_threathorizons_full_nov2021.pdf   
158 VX Underground – Twitter - https://twitter.com/vxunderground/status/1453627390387802117   
159 Mandiant – Security Predictions 2022 - https://www.mandiant.com/resources/security -predictions -2022 -report   
160 IBX X -Force Threat Intelligence Index 2022 - https://www.ibm.com/downloads/cas/ADLMYLAZ   
 Please use footnotes for providing additional or explanatory information and/or relevant links. References should be listed 
in a dedicated section. Use only the function References/Insert Footnote  ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
32 
 developing cust om tools for cloud targeting143. Finally, cybercriminals will increasingly target cloud APIs to disrupt 
cloud automated processes , thus causing severe impacts on business es161. 
Imposing cost on ransomware threat actors. Several governments prioriti sed ransomware as a national security 
threat during the reporting period. A combination of (mostly) legal and regulatory response s tried to alter the cost -
benefit calcul ation s of cybercriminals  while some anti -ransomware initiatives popped up162 163 164 165.  
Law enforcement actions against ransomware groups forced some to leave the stage, some even releasing 
decryption keys166. Moreover, law enforcement agencies have offered milli ons in rewards for arresting members of 
ransomware groups167. Through international cooperation, law enforcement operations arrested cybercriminals 
associated with ransomware threat groups such as REvil, Cl0p, NetWalker, and LockerGoga  or MegaCortex 168 169 170 
171 172 173 174. 
Military and intelligence services came into play against ransomware. According to public report s, the US military has 
acted against ransomware groups175. An interesting development was the arrest by the Russian Federal Security 
Service (FSB) of the m embers of the REvil ransomware group176. This action could be attributed to Russia’s pursuit 
of its strategic geopolitical objectives177 or the potential targeting of Russian entities by the REvil group139.    
The White House organ ised a meeting coordinating an international response against ransomware ( to which Russia 
was not invited)178. From the regulatory perspective, The Ransom Disclosure Act made it mandatory fo r ransomware 
victims to inform the US government within 48 hours of the ransom payment179. Finally, the government of the 
Netherlands indicated that it would use its intelligence and/or armed forces to respond to ransomware attacks180. 
It is our assess ment  that the efforts of law enforcement to disrupt ransomware groups will continue for the 
foreseeable future181. Law enforcement attention will certainly have an impact on the modus operandi of several 
ransomware groups (e.g. increased operational security, rebranding, internal conflicts, targeting of small 
companies181 etc.) and underground forums (e.g. banning any promotion of ransomware affiliate program mes182) for 
the short -term. However, it is not clear how law enforcement actions will affect the ransomware threat landscape 
                                                           
161 Acronis – Cyberthreats Report 2022 - https://www.acronis.com/en -us/blog/posts/acronis -cyberthreats -report -2022 -unveils -cyberthrea t-predictions/   
162 Ransomware Task Force - https://securityandtechnology.org/ransomwaretaskforce/   
163 StopRansomware - https://www.cisa .gov/stopransomware   
164 WEF – Partnership against Cybercrime - https://www.weforum.org/projects/partnership -against -cybercime   
165 U.S. Department of State – Update on the Internat ional Counter -Ransomware Initiative - https://www.state.gov/briefings -foreign -press -
centers/update -on-the-international -counter -ransomware -initiative   
166 ESET Threat Report T3 2021 - https://www.welivesecurity.com/2022/02/09/eset -threat -report -t32021/   
167 Bleeping Computer - US targets DarkSide ranso mware and its rebrands with $10 million reward  - 
https://www.bleepingcomputer.com/news/security/us -targets -darkside -ranso mware -and-its-rebrands -with-10-million -reward/   
168 Europol – Five affiliates to REvil unplugged - https://www.europol.europa.eu/media -press /newsroom/news/five -affiliates -to-sodinokibi/revil -
unplugged   
169 Interpol – Ransomware gang arrested in Ukraine - https://www.interpol.int/en/News -and-Events/News/2021/Ransomware -gang -arrested -in-Ukraine   
170 Interpol – Major gang members in handcuffs, assets seized - https://www.interpol.int/News -and-Events/News/2021/INTERPOL -led-operation -takes -
down -prolific -cybercrime -ring  
171 Europol - 12 targeted for involvement in ransomware attacks against critical infrastructure - https://www.europol.europa.eu/media -
press/newsroom/news/12 -targeted -for-involvement -in-ransomware -attacks -against -critical -infrastructure   
172 Krebs On S ecurity - Estonian Tied to 13 Ransomware Attacks Gets 66 Months in Prison - https://krebsonsecurity.com/2022/03/estonian -tied-to-13-
ransomw are-attacks -gets-66-months -in-prison/   
173 Bleeping Computer - NetWalker ransomware affiliate sentenced to 80 months in prison - 
https://www.bleepingcomputer.com/news/security/netwalker -ransomware -affiliate -sentenced -to-80-months -in-prison/   
174 US Department of Justice - Former Canadian Government Employee Extradited to the United States to Face Charges for Dozens of Ransomware 
Attack s Resulting in the Payment of Tens of Millions of Dollars in Ransoms - https://www.justice.gov/opa/pr/former -canadian -government -employee -
extradited -united -states -face-charges -dozens -ransomware   
175 NY Times - U.S. Military Has Acted Against Ransomware Groups, General Acknowledges - https://www.nytimes.com/2021/12/05/us/politics/us -
military -ransomware -cyber -command.html   
176 Bleeping Computer - Russia arrests REvil ransomware gang members, seize $6.6 million - https://www.bleepingcomputer.com/news/security/russia -
arrests -revil-ransomware -gang -members -seize -66-million/   
177 Intel471 - What can we expect from the REvil arrests? - https://intel471.com/blog/revil -ransomware -arrests -cybercrime -underground   
178 ZDNet - The White House is having a big meeting about fighting ransomware. It didn't invite  Russia - https://www.zdnet.com/article/the -white -house -
is-having -a-big-meeting -about -fighting -ransomware -it-didnt -invite-russia/   
179 ZDNet - Ransomware law would require victims to disclose ransom payments within 48 hours - https://www.zdnet.com/ar ticle/ransomware -law-
would -require -victims -to-disclose -ransom -payments -within -48-hours/   
180 The Record - Netherlands can use intelligence or armed forces to respond to ransomware attacks - https://therecord.media/netherlands -can-use-
intelligence -or-armed -forces -to-respond -to-ransomware -attacks/?s=01   
181 QuoIntelligence - Ransomware is here to stay and other cybersecurity predictions for 2022 - https://quointelligence.eu/2022/01/ransomware -and-
other -cybersecurity -predictions -for-2022/   
182 Flashpoint - After Ransomware Ads Are Bann ed On Cybercrime Forums, Alternative Platforms Being Used to Advertise and Recruit - 
https://flashpoint.io/blog/avoslocker -ransomware -advertise -and-recruit/   
 Please use footnotes for providing additional or explanatory information and/or relevant links. References should be listed 
in a dedicated section. Use only the function References/Insert Footnote  ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
33 
 (new groups appearing and new business methods)181 and further increase the risks for ransomware actors  183159. 
Furthermore, we expect to see increased volume s of activity  from groups operating outside the US A159, while Russia -
based cybercriminals are unlikely to be deterred due to the arrest of REvil members by  the FSB184177. Finally, we 
expect that governments will increasingly allocate resources to combat ransomware threats by tasking their military 
and intelligence services to disrupt the operations of cybercrimin als, collect intelligence about members of these 
groups and recover ransom payments185 186 187. 
Cybercriminals continue to disrupt the industrial sector.  Last year we estimated that cybercrime attacks against 
Operational Technology (OT) systems would very likely  become more disruptive188. This assessment still holds true 
and, during the reporting period, ransomware was the major cause of compromises in the industrial sector, with the 
manufacturing industry being the most targeted sector  by far189 190 . Disruptive attac ks have had significant impact s 
on other sectors: food and beverage s, healthcare, transportation and energy.  
Cybercriminal operations can disrupt OT operations using196: 
• malware that has an OT -specific module for OT systems191; 
• limited network segmentation allowing ransomware to spread from IT to OT network192; 
• the shutdown of OT infrastructure by operators to prevent the spreading of ransomware to the OT 
network193 194150; 
• exfiltration of sensitive information about the OT environment that can facilitate further cyber -physical 
attacks by other threat actors (cybercrime as well  as state -sponsored groups)195. 
It is our assess ment  that ransomware groups will likely continue to target and disrupt OT operations for the 
foreseeable future196 197. Contributing factors to this assessment are:  
• the ongoing digital transformation in the indust rial sector and the increased connectivity between IT and OT 
networks ; 189 
• an increased urgency to pay ransom to avoid any critical business and social impact ; 159 
• the o ngoing rebranding of ransomware groups which increases the chances of malware blending and the 
development of capabilities to target and disrupt OT networks ; 189 
• the Russia -Ukraine crisis as ransomware groups (e.g. Conti198) are taking sides and are likely to conduct 
retaliatory attacks against critical Western infrastructure ; 
• the massive increase in the number of newly identified vulnerabilities in OT environment s.159 
                                                           
183 Coveware - Ransomware attackers down shift to 'Mid -Game' hunting in Q3 2021 - https://www.coveware.com/blog/2021/10/20/ransomware -attacks -
continue -as-pressure -mounts   
184 Recorded Future - Dark Covenant: Connections Between the Russian State and Criminal Actors - https://www.recordedfuture.com/russian -state -
connections -criminal -actors   
185 SonicWall – 2022 Cyber Threat Report - https://www.sonicwall.com/medialibrary/en/white -paper/2022 -sonicwall -cyber -threat -report .pdf  
186 Security Intelligence - Recovering Ransom Payments: Is This the End of Ransomware? - https://securityintelligence.com/articles/recovering -
ransomware -payment/   
187 AP News - US recovers most of ransom paid after Colonial Pipeline hack - https://apnews.com/article/technology -business -government -and-politics -
8e7f5b297012333480d5e9153f40bd52   
188 ENISA Threat Landscape 2021 - https://www.enisa.europa.eu/publications/enisa -threat -landscape -2021   
189 Dragos – 2021 ICS/OT Cy bersecurity Year in Review - https://www.dragos.com/year -in-review/   
190 Intel471 - Manufacturers should focus on protecting their supply chains - https://intel471.com/blog/manufacturing -cybersecurity -threats -supply -chain   
191 MITRE ATT&CK – EKANS Software - https://attack.mitre.org/software/S0605/   
192 CISA - Rising Ransomware Threat To Operational Technology Assets - https://www.cisa.gov/sites/default/files/publications/CISA_Fact_Sh eet-
Rising_Ransomware_Threat_to_OT_Assets_508C.pdf   
193 NY Times - Cyberattack Forces a Shutdown of a Top U.S. Pipeline - https://www.nytimes.com/2021/05/08/us/ politics/cyberattack -colonial -
pipeline.html   
194 NCSC -UK – What is OT malware? - https://www.ncsc.gov.uk/blog -post/what -is-ot-malware   
195 SecurityWeek - OT Data Stolen by Ransomware Gangs Ca n Facilitate Cyber -Physical Attacks - https://www.securityweek.com/ot -data-stolen -
ransomware -gangs -can-facilitate -cyber -physical -attacks   
196 Dragos - ICS/OT Ransomware Analysis: Q1 2022 - https://www.dragos.com/blog/industry -news/dragos -industrial -ransomware -analysis -q1-2022/   
197 Dragos - ICS/OT Ransomware Analysis: Q4 2021 - https://www.dragos.com/blog/industry -news/dragos -ics-ot-ransomware -analysis -q4-2021/   
198 CyberScoop - Conti ransomware g roup announces support of Russia, threatens retaliatory attacks - https://www.cyberscoop.com/conti -
ransomware -russia -ukraine -critical -infrastructure/   
 Please use footnotes for providing additional or explanatory information and/or relevant links. References should be listed 
in a dedicated section. Use only the function References/Insert Footnote  ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
34 
 Organi sations are recommended to plan and remediate the most common issues causing security incidents within 
OT environments189: limited OT visibility, poor network segmentation between IT and OT networks, external remote 
access to OT network, and shared and reused credentials.  
Continuous 'retirements ' and rebranding to avoid law enforcement and sanctions. As described above, the 
sheer volume of ransomware operations and some highly critical incidents (e.g. Colonial Pipeline199) resulted in 
increased efforts by law enforcement and governments worldwide. T hus, ransomware groups resorted to 'retiring' and 
rebrand ing, 139 143taking an average time of 17 months before they do so160. 
Cybercriminals behave this way potentially due to  a need to : 
a) reboot their operations in case their tools, TTPs or infrastructure were critically compromised (e.g. 
security researchers develop a decryptor );  
b) avoid law enforcement, media, and political attention200;  
c) hinder and delay efforts to attribute an att ack so that victims can pay the ransom to a non -sanctioned 
entity201 202; 
d) resolve internal disputes203. 
During the reporting period, some ransomware families left the scene, such as Egregor, REvil, BlackMatter, and 
Doppelpaymer144. On the other hand, some of the new families that appeared had similarities to those that 
disappeared. Some indicative examples of the rebranding of ransomware groups include  the followin g. 
• Grief ransomware displayed similarities to DoppelPaymer204 139.  
• WastedLocker ransom notes appeared as Hades ransomware  or Cryptolocker during Spring 2021, 
Payloadbin during Summer 2021, and Macaw during Autumn 2021139. 
• Darkside ransomware was rebranded to DarkSide 2.0 after its decrypt or was published205 and then 
rebranded to BlackMatter206 after the Colonial Pipeline incident and halted its operations. The BlackMatter 
gang stopped their operations in November 2021 (due to law enforcement pressure200), while in February 
2022, the BlackCat ransomware gang confirmed that they are former members of the DarkSide  or 
BlackMatter operation207.  
• GandCrab evolved into REvil208. 
It is ou r assess ment  that ransomware groups will continue their 'retirement ' and rebranding activities. Thus, over short 
periods, we expect that the prevalent ransomware groups in the threat landscape will be completely different209159160. 
We also estimate that ransomware groups will acquire smaller tier groups, potentially resulting in t he overlapping use 
of different ransomware variants 161. 
                                                           
199 Forbes - 1 Year Later: Actions Taken, Lessons Learned Since The Colonial Pipeline Cyberattack - 
https://www .forbes.com/sites/edwardsegal/2022/05/07/1 -year-later-actions -taken -lessons -learned -since -the-colonial -pipeline -cyberattack/   
200 TechCrunch - BlackMatter ransomware gang says it’s shutting down over law enforcement pressure - 
https://techcrunch.com/2021/11/03/blackmatter -ransomware -shut-down/   
201 U.S. Department of the Treasury - Treasury Sanctions Evil Corp, the Russia -Based Cybercriminal Group Behind Dridex Malware - 
https://home.treasury.gov/news/press -releases/sm845   
202 Mandiant - To HADES and Back: UNC2165 Shifts to LOCKBIT to Evade Sanctions - https://www.mandiant.com/resources/unc2165 -shifts -to-evade -
sanctions   
203 ZDNet - REvil ransomware operators claim group is ending activity again, victim leak blog now offline - https://www.zdnet.com/article/revil -
ransomware -operators -claim -group -is-ending -activity -again -happy -blog-now-offline/   
204 Bleeping Computer - DoppelPaymer ransomware gang rebrands a s the Grief group - 
https://www.bleepingcomputer.com/news/security/doppelpaymer -ransomware -gang -rebrands -as-the-grief-group/   
205 Bitdefender - Darkside Ransomware Decryption Tool - https://www.bitdefender.com/blog/labs/darkside -ransomware -decryption -tool/  
206 CISA - BlackMatter Ransomware - https://www.cisa.gov/uscert/ncas/alerts/aa21 -291a   
207 Bleeping Computer - BlackCat (ALPHV) ransomware linked to BlackMatter, DarkSide gangs - 
https://www.bleepingcomputer.com/news/security/blackcat -alphv -ransomware -linked -to-blackmatter -darkside -gangs/   
208 CrowdStrike - The Evolution of PINCHY SPIDER from GandCrab to REvi l - https://www.crowdstrike.com/blog/the -evolution -of-revil-ransomware -
and-pinchy -spider/   
209 Intel471 - A reset on ransomware: Dominant variants differ from prior years - https://intel471.com/blog/ransomware -attacks -2021 -lockbit -hive-conti -
clop-revil-blackmatter   
 Please use footnotes for providing additional or explanatory information and/or relevant links. References should be listed 
in a dedicated section. Use only the function References/Insert Footnote  ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
35 
 Russia Ukraine conflict impacted the cybercrime ecosystem. During the Ukraine -Russia conflict, it was  observed 
how a major geopolitical incident could mobil ise cybercrime groups, reveal connections between cybercrime and 
state actors, and provide opportunities for cybercriminals to make financial gain s. 
According to public report s, several cybercrime group s expressed their support for Russia during the Russia -Ukraine 
conflict210. They threatened to target Western organ isations in retaliat ion for providing support to Ukraine as well as 
for the sanction s imposed on Russia211. Some of these groups directly threate ned the critical infrastructure of 
Russia’s enemies212 196. A very interesting data point is the increase in ransomware detections in Russia, especially 
since Russia and the Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS) were not traditionally targeted by ransomware 
operations214. Finally, the 'Conti leaks ' (a leak of the group’s internal chats dubbed the Panama Papers of 
ransomware213) were interesting because the y revealed connections between the Russian Federal Security Service 
(FSB) and the Conti ransomware group214. Finally, right after the Russian invasion, cybercr iminals identified money -
making opportunities by trying to social ly engineer people trying to support Ukraine via fake charities and 
fundraisers214.  
While cybercrime, specifically ransomware, is becoming a heated geopolitical issue, we expect the West to co ntinue 
trying to limit safe havens for cyber criminals  181. Other countries (e.g. Russia) will be leveraging the cybercrime 
underground for diplomatic advantage  and as proxy actors achieving their strategic objectives215 216 (state -ignored 
and state -encouraged activity regarding state responsibility217 218). We estimate that the association between 
cybercrime groups and state actors will certainly continue for the forese eable future with a strong focus on plausible 
deniability219. In the short -term future, we expect several ransomware incidents in the critical infrastructure to cause 
concerns and grasp media attention as potential cyberwar and retaliatory actions220.  
The san ctions imposed on Russia and the limited financial transactions between the West and Russia will likely 
incentivi se cybercriminals to cash out through  payment cards221 that have already been compromised and 
cryptocurrencies222. Finally, we expect cybercriminals to continue targeting entities in Ukraine (and Russia) as the 
demand from various actors increases for access credentials, personally identifiable information (PII), or intellectual 
property215. 
Cybercriminals love CVEs223. In 2021, there were  66 disclosures of zero -day vulnerabilities  observed224. Moreover, 
the number of disclosed  vulnerabilities is growing yearly  (implying a similar increase in disco vered vulnerabilities ), 
reaching a record high in 2021160, together with the growing number of proof -of-concept exploits. Cybercriminals jump 
on the disclosure  of vulnerabilities to find additional weaknesses, weapon ize them, and exploit them in the wild.  
During the reporting period, the exploitation of vulnerabilit ies was reportedly the most common cause of security 
incidents31, which increased by 33% compared to 2020160. The most widely exploited vulnerabilities by cyber criminals 
                                                           
210 CISA - Russian State -Sponsored and Criminal Cyber Threats to Critical Infrastructure - https://www.cisa.gov/uscert/ncas/alerts/aa22 -110a   
211 Bloomberg - Russian Isol ation Spells Trouble for Global Cybersecurity - https://www.bloomberg.com/news/newsletters/2022 -03-16/russian -isolation -
spells -trouble -for-global -cybersecurity   
212 CSO Online - Conti gang says it's ready to hit critical infrastructure in support of Russian government - 
https://www.csoonline.com/article/3651498/conti -gang -says-its-ready -to-hit-critical -infrastructure -in-support -of-russian -government.html   
213 Trellix – ATR Report April 2022 - https://www.trellix.com/en -us/threat -center/threat -reports/apr -2022.html   
214 ESET – Threat Report T1 2022 - https://www.welives ecurity.com/2022/06/02/eset -threat -report -t12022/   
215 Intel471 - How the Russia -Ukraine conflict is impacting cybercrime - https://intel471.com/blog/russia -ukraine -conflict-cybercrime -underground   
216 QuoIntelligence - Unexpected changes to the Global Threat Landscape from the Ukraine War - https://quointelligence.eu/202 2/06/consequences -
ukraine -war-on-global -threat -landscape/   
217 Atlantic Council - Beyond Attribution: Seeking National Responsibility in Cyberspace - https://www.atlanticcouncil.org/in -depth -research -
reports/issue -brief/beyond -attribution -seeking -national -responsibility -in-cyberspace/   
218 QuoIntelligence - Unexpected changes to the Global Threat Landscape from the Ukraine War - https://quointelligence.eu/2022/06/consequences -
ukraine -war-on-global -threat -landscape/   
219 Recorded Future - Dark Covenant: Connection s Between the Russian State and Criminal Actors - https://www.recordedfuture.com/russian -state -
connections -criminal -actors   
220 CERT -EU - Threat Landscape Report 2022 Q1  - Executive Summary - https://media.cert.europa.eu/static/MEMO/2022/TLP -WHITE -2022Q1 -
Threat_Landscape_Report -Executive -Summar y-v1.0.pdf   
221 Recorded Future - Russian Invasion of Ukraine and Sanctions Portend Rise in Card Fraud - https://www.recordedfuture.com/russian -invasion -of-
ukraine -and-sanctions -portend -rise-in-card-fraud   
222 FinCEN - FinCEN Provides Financial Institutions with Red Flags on Potential Russian Sanctions Evasion Attempts - 
https://www.fincen.gov/news/news -releases/fincen -provides -financial -institutions -red-flags -potential -russian -sanctions   
223 Intel471 - Three ways ransomware -as-a-service has become easier than ever to launch - https://intel471.com/blog/ransomware -as-a-service -
fivehands -printnightmare -babuk -conti   
224 Trend Micro – Security Predictions for 2022 - https://www.trendmicro.com/vinfo/us/security/research -and-analysis/predictions/2022   
 Please use footnotes for providing additional or explanatory information and/or relevant links. References should be listed 
in a dedicated section. Use only the function References/Insert Footnote  ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
36 
 include ProxyLogon, ProxyShell, PrintNightmare, and Log4Shell   144.160 ProxyLogon and Log4Shell vulnerabilities 
have been exploited by cybercriminals (and nation -backed groups) in such a widespread and opportunistic targeting 
that national security concerns  were raised139. Finally, high volumes of buying and selling were observed within the 
underground market for exploits that enable cybercriminals to obtain unauthori sed access to corporate networks143.     
In our assess ment  cybercriminals will certainly weapon ize and exploit newly discovered vulnerabilities in a timely way 
for the foreseeable future. We expect the exploitation of administration tools, Microsoft services225, and continued 
Log4j targeting throughout 2022166. The evolution of the perimeter will also provide cybercriminals with opportunities 
to target IoT devices159, VPN, and cloud infrastructure226. 
Organi sations are recommended to enhance their processes around moni toring the exploitation of vulnerabilit ies (for 
newly discovered vulnerabilities of the tech stack that are exploited in the wild) and security patching (for legacy 
vulnerabilities). Cyber security teams should focus on raising capacities and capabilities in people, technology and 
processes for their risk -based vulnerability management program mes. 
Data exfiltration and extortion without the use of ransomware. Last year in the ENISA Threat Landscape 2021 
report, we highlighted the trend of multiple extortion  methods by ransomware groups  188(aka multi -faceted extortion or 
triple extortion). While this approach remain ed the standard  144 during the reporting period, increased data theft was 
observed and extortion without any data encryption taking place  143 154 227. Cybercriminals real ised they could request 
ransoms without the deployment of ransomware and thus create dedicated marketplac es228 where they advertise and 
sell stolen data. We have also observed that ransomware gangs cited victims' cyber insurance policies during the 
negotiation phase229. Prominent groups that conduct such activities are LAPSUS$ (also known as DEV -0537)230 and 
Karaku rt231. 
In our opinion, this trend will continue to rise for the foreseeable future as this approach is lucrative for cybercriminals 
while their operations can be quicker and at scale142 232. We also estimate that it is likely that cybercriminals will try to 
recruit insiders within victim organi sations to exfiltrate data or deploy malware159. 
The focus on data theft and the subsequent public shaming and extortion highlights the increased privacy, regulatory, 
and reputational risks for victim organi sation s. Organi sations must realise that focusing on backup strategies is 
essential but not enough and that the relevant detection and prevention security controls for the MITRE ATT&CK 
Exfiltration Tactic (TA0010233) should also be prioriti sed. 
The cybercrime ecosystem is still thriving an d further evolving.  One of the cybercrime trends we reported last 
year in ETL 2021 was the increased collaboration and professionali sation of the cybercrime ecosystem. During the 
reporting period, it was  observed that this trend was still valid and had evolved further141. 
It seems that intrusions are a 'mix and match ' as different affiliates are involved in different phases of the intrusion  144. 
Nowadays, one can find in the cybercrime ecosystem a supply chain offering many SaaS variants that set the entry 
bar relatively low for cybercriminals to conduct such attacks. For example, s tolen credentials and phishing kits are 
cheap, DDoS attacks are affordable for unprotected sites, and ransomware kits enable low -skilled cybercriminals to 
                                                           
225 Sophos – 2022 Threat Report - https://www.sophos.com/en -us/labs/security -threat -report   
226 Tenable – 2021 Threat Landscape Retrospective - https://www.tenable.com/cyber -exposure/2021 -threat -landscape -retrospective   
227 Microsoft - Ransomware -as-a-service: Understanding the cybercrime gig economy and how to protect yourself - 
https://www.microsoft.com/security/blog/2022/05/09/ransomware -as-a-service -understanding -the-cybercrime -gig-economy -and-how-to-protect -
yourself/   
228 Bleeping C omputer - New Industrial Spy stolen data market promoted through cracks, adware - 
https://www.bleepingcomputer.com/news/sec urity/new -industrial -spy-stolen -data-market -promoted -through -cracks -adware/   
229 The Record - Ransomware group demands £500,000 from British schools, citing cyber insurance policy - https://therecord.media/ransomware -
group -demands -500000 -from-british -schools -citing -cyber -insurance -policy/   
230 Microsoft - DEV-0537 criminal actor targeting organisations for data exfiltration and destruction  - 
https://www.microsoft.com/security/blog/2022/03/22/dev -0537 -criminal -actor -targeting -organizations -for-data-exfiltration -and-destruction/   
231 CISA - Karakurt Data Extortion Group - https://www.cisa.gov/uscert/ncas/alerts/aa22 -152a   
232 The Register Security - We're now truly in the era of ra nsomware as pure extortion without the encryption - 
https://www.theregister.com/2022/06/25/ransomware_gangs_extortion_feature/   
233 MITRE ATT&CK – Exfiltration Tactic - https://attack.mitre.org/tactics/TA0010/   
 Please use footnotes for providing additional or explanatory information and/or relevant links. References should be listed 
in a dedicated section. Use only the function References/Insert Footnote  ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
37 
 conduct sophisticated attacks234 (very low barriers to entry for participating in the ransomware indust ry183). According 
to public report s, the number of sites offering such services increased during the reporting period234.  
Affiliate program mes are the vehicle s that primarily drive the growth of the cybercrime ecosystem140. At the same 
time, ransomware schemes strengthen their relationship s with surrounding entities (e.g. other ransomware groups235 
150) and, more specifically, with Access -as-a-Service (AaaS) brokers181 139 143 236 237 238. Moreover, due to the Conti 
leaks, we also learned that ransomware groups are set up as if they were legitimate business es239 while their 
development teams mirror legitimate technology firms240. We also observed increasing disputes between 
ranso mware affiliates and ransomware group operators143. Finally, we saw that (at least) one ransomware gang has 
launched its own Bug Bounty program me241. 
Our assess ment is that the cybercrime ecosystem will continue to evolve and adapt to the cybersecurity ecosystem 
because of law enforcement efforts161. Cybercriminals are expected to use outsourced services and resort to custom 
and advanced tools mostly in complex targeted attacks140. We also expect cybercriminals to increase automation, 
taking advantage of the services offered in the cybercrime ecosystem to decrease costs and increase their pace and 
scale234.  
The outsourcing of services will further blur the lines between cybercrime and state -sponsored operations159. We are 
also certain that the use of AaaS brokers will grow in the foreseeable future, while it is expected that AaaS brokers 
will increasingly target the supply chain. Finally, since many actors are involved in different phases of the attacks a nd 
are paid a percentage of the ransom, the chances are even that we will observe conflicts among these actors 
primarily due to disruptions to payments by law enforcement or victims who do not pay the ransom159. 
2.3 HACKER -FOR -HIRE ACTO R TRENDS  
The Access -as-a-Service market continues to enable state actors . The hacker -for-hire threat actor category 
refers to entities within the 'Access -as-a-Service ' (AaaS) market, m ainly comprised of companies that offer offensive 
cyber capabilities. Their clients are usually governments (but also corporations and individuals), and the service 
categories they offer are usually bundled as a single service242: Vulnerability Research and Exploitation, Malware 
Payload Development, Technical Command and Control, Operational Management, and Training and Support. The 
CTI community maintains a crowdsourced (and ever -growing) list of publicly known private companies mostly 
involved in nation -state offensive cyber operations243. 
On 23 May 2022, Interpol’s Secretary -General stated that he is concerned that state -developed cyberweapons will 
become available on the darknet in a couple of years244. This was almost done by the Shadow Brokers back in 2016 
when they were selling alleged NSA tools for cryptocurrency245. Within  the darknet and underground marketplaces, it 
is relatively easy for threat actors with the interest and the budget to buy advanced cyber tools and increase their 
cyber capabilities  47. In ETL 2021, we hi ghlighted the trend of the rising number of  hacker -for-hire threat actor s and 
their services ; this trend  remained valid throughout the reporting period47.  
During the reporting  period , some of the significant developments include  the following.  
                                                           
234 Microsoft – Digital Defence Report - https://www.microsoft.com/en -us/security/business/microsoft -digital -defense -report   
235 Intel471 - Cybercrime loves company: Conti cooperated with other ransomwa re gangs - https://intel471.com/blog/conti -ransomware -cooperation -
maze -lockbit -ragnar -locker   
236 Intel471 - Conti and Emotet: A constantly destructive duo - https://intel471.com/blog/conti -emotet -ransomware -conti -leaks   
237 Intel471 - The relationship between access brokers and ransomware crews is growing - https://intel471.com/blog/access -brokers -ransomware -
relationship -growing   
238 Sophos - The Active Adversary Playbook 2022 - https://news.sophos.com/en -us/2022/06/07/active -adversary -playbook -2022/   
239 Intel471 - Conti puts the ‘organised’ in organised crime - https://intel471.com/blog/conti -leaks -cybercrime -fire-team   
240 Intel471 - Move fast and commit crimes: Conti’s development teams mirror corporate tech - https://intel471.com/blog/conti -leaks -ransomware -
developmen t  
241 Twitter – vx-underground - https://twitter.com/vxunderground/status/1541156954214727685   
242 Atlantic Council - Countering Cyber Proliferation – Zeroing in on Access -as-a-Servi ce - https://www.atlanticcouncil.org/wp -
content/uploads/2021/03/Offensive -Cyber -Capabilities -Proliferation -Report -1.pdf   
243 xorl %eax, %eax - Offensive Security Private Companies Inventory - https://xorl.wordpress.com/offensive -security -private -companies -inventory/   
244 CNBC - Military -made c yberweapons could soon become available on the dark web, Interpol warns - https://www.cnbc.com/2022/05/23/military -
cyberweapons -could -become-available -on-dark-web-interpol.html   
245 VICE - Cryptocurrency Transactions May Uncover Sales of Shadow Broker Hacking Tools - https://www.vice.com/en/ article/j5k7zp/zcash -shadow -
brokers -uncover -hacking -tool-sales   
 Please use footnotes for providing additional or explanatory information and/or relevant links. References should be listed 
in a dedicated section. Use only the function References/Insert Footnote  ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
38 
 • Threat actors continue to u se private companies' tools and capabilities to conduct surveillance operations  
47. Private companies, such as the NSO Group and Candiru , have been providing (or even supplementing) 
the capabilities to state actors worldwide42.  
• DeathStalker246 cyber mercenary group continued targeting law firms a nd financial institutions, while there 
are suspicions that the group started targeting travel agencies . 
• Candiru  247 234 has been u sing several 0 -day exploits sol d to governmental agencies and other actors248. 
Moreover, an interesting cyber activity linked with Candiru has been identified in the Middle East249.  
• Individual researchers, cybercriminals, and private companies have expanded the 0 -day market in terms of 
development and trading47. An interesting observation is that Access -as-a-Service companies developed 
seven out of nine 0 -days discovered by the Google Threat Anal ysis Group250. More specifically , Cytrox251, a 
private surveillance company, was identified as having sold five 0 -days in Google Chrome and Google 
Android to different state actors!  
• The Access -as-a-Service companies are highly sophisticated and have developed such research and 
development capabilities that they can quickly retool and continue to service their clients by conduct ing 
cyber operations even after public exposure47.    
• The spyware cases of Pegasus252 (NSO Group) and Predator253 254 (Cytrox) attracted h uge media attention 
and kicked off discussions about state control, (un)lawful interc eption and the targeting of civil society.  
Our assess ment is  that threat actors (mostly nation -state) will very likely continue buying such services and 
outsourcing cyber operations as the list of Access -as-a-Service companies grows. This outsourcing will  certainly 
make the threat landscape more complex and will very likely contribute to increased cyber espionage and 
surveillance activity159. Thus, we need to c onsider the implications related to the attribution of such cyber activities, 
the rapid development and enablement of cyber capabilities, and the abuse of such capabilities for targeting 
journalists, activists and civil society  47 270 . One noteworthy implication may be that government progr ams that aim 
for the prevention of greater harm caused by undisclosed vulnerabilities (so called vulnerability equity process ) may 
lose their effectiveness since required vulnerability details needed for a judgement are not at the disposal of the 
involved entities.  
The Pegasus case triggered media coverage and governmental actions.  The biggest story during the reporting 
period was about the Israeli -based NSO Group and the Pegasus Project, where over 30 ,000 human rights activists, 
journalists, and lawyers wo rldwide were targeted as well as 14 world leaders255. While we reported on the Pegasus 
project in ETL 2021, there have been  several developments during the reporting period.  
• Israel investigated the Israeli -based NSO Group256.  
• US technology companies took leg al action against the NSO Group257 258.  
                                                           
246 LIFARS - DeathStalker: A threat group utilizing unique methods - https://www.lifars.com/2020/09/deathstalker -a-threat -group -utilizing -unique -
methods/   
247 Citizen Lab - Hooking Candiru: Another Mercenary Spyware Vendor Comes into Focus - https://citizenlab.ca/2021/07/hooking -candiru -another -
mercenary -spyware -vendor -comes -into-focus/   
248 Microsoft - Protecting customers from a private -sector offensive actor using 0 -day exploits and DevilsTongue malware - 
https://www.microsoft.com/security/blog/2021/07/15/protecting -customers -from-a-private -secto r-offensive -actor -using -0-day-exploits -and-devilstongue -
malware/   
249 ESET - Strategic web compromises in the Middle East with a pinch of Candiru - https://www.welivesecurity.com/2021/11/16/strategic -web-
compromises -middle -east-pinch -candiru/   
250 Google Threat Analysis Group - Protecting Android users from 0 -Day attacks    - https://blog.google/threat -analysis -group/protecting -android -users -
from-0-day-attacks/   
251 Facebook - Threat Report on the Surveillance -for-Hire Industry - https://about.fb.com/wp -content/uploads/2021/12/Threat -Report -on-the-
Surveillance -for-Hire-Industry.pdf   
252 European Parliament - Pegasus and surveillance spyware    - 
https://www.europarl.europa.eu/RegData/etudes/IDAN/2022/732268/IPOL_IDA(2022)732268_EN.pdf   
253 The New York Times - Senior European Parliament Member Targeted as Spyware Abuse Spreads - 
https://www.nytimes.com/2022/07/27/world/europe/eu -spyware -predator -pegasus.html   
254 European Parliament - E-001449/2022 Answer given by Mr Reynders on behalf of the Euro pean Commission - 
https://www.europarl.europa.eu/doceo/document/E -9-2022 -001449 -ASW_EN.pdf   
255 https://www.amnesty.org/en/latest/press -release/2021/07/world -leaders -potential -targets -of-nso-group -pegasus -
spyware/   
256 MIT Technology Review - Israel begins investigation into NSO Group spyware abuse - 
https://www.technologyreview.com/2021/07/28/1030244/isra el-investigation -nso-group -pegasus -spyware/   
257 Apple - Apple sues NSO Group to curb the abuse of state -sponsored spyware - https://www .apple.com/newsroom/2021/11/apple -sues -nso-group -
to-curb-the-abuse -of-state -sponsored -spyware/   
258 Politico - NSO falters in bid to shut down suit over hacking of WhatsApp - https://www.politico.com/news/2021/04/12/nso -falters -lawsuit -whatsapp -
hacking -481073   
 Please use footnotes for providing additional or explanatory information and/or relevant links. References should be listed 
in a dedicated section. Use only the function References/Insert Footnote  ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
39 
 • The Supreme Court in India examined the impact of the use of Pegasus spyware on Indian citizens259.  
• US State Department phones have been hacked with Pegasus260.  
• A high number of cases related to NSO’s Pegasus spyware were  reported in Europe220. For example, 
Spain’s politicians and Catalan independence leaders have been targeted261 262. 
• The NSO Group mentioned that five EU states use Pegasus spyware263. 
The US Department of Commerce declared that the Israeli -based Candiru and NSO Group, the Russian -based 
Positive Technologies, and the Singapore -based Computer Security Initiative Consultancy have been enabling or 
facilitati ng cyber activities contrary to the national security or foreign policy interests of the United States264 265.   
Thus, the US administration applied export controls to hold these companies accountable for their cyber activity and 
the technologies they develop.   
On 10 March 2022266, the European Parliament set up the PEGA Committee to investigate alleged infringement or 
maladministration in the application of EU law in relation to the use of Pegasus and equivalent spyware surveillance 
software267 268.  
The above gover nmental actions are aligned with what we assessed in ETL 2021 would  happen (i.e. increasing state 
control  or oversight) based on the impact of investigations related to the Pegasus Project and other commercial 
spyware surveillance software.  
Surveillance an d targeting of civil society.  On the one hand, it was  observed that commercial threat intelligence 
reporting neglects cyber threats to civil society269. On the other hand, the tools of the Access -as-a-Service companies 
are increasingly targeting dissidents, human rights activists, journalists, civil society advocates, and other private 
citizens  234 270. While the usage of spyware surveillance technologies may be lega l under national or international 
laws, it was  observed that governments often abuse these technologies for purposes not aligned with democratic 
values271.  
On 19 July 2021, the European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen mentioned that using spyware on 
journalists is unacceptable272. Within the EU, high -profile cases have been reported in which the Pegasus  252 273 274 
and the Predator275 spyware software have been used to target journalists.  
                                                           
259 The Guardian - Indian supreme court orders inquiry into state’s use of Pegasus spyware - https://www.theguardian.com/news/2021/oct/27/indian -
supreme -court -orders -inquiry -into-states -use-of-pegasus -spyware   
260 Reuters - U.S. State Department phones hacked with Israeli company  spyware - sources - https://www.reuters.com/technology/exclusive -us-state -
department -phones -hacked -with-israeli -company -spyware -sources -2021 -12-03/  
261 The Guardian - Use of Pegasus spyware on Spain’s politicians causing ‘crisis of democracy’ - https://www.theguardian.com/world/2022/may/15/use -
of-pegasus -spyware -on-spains -politicians -causing -crisis -of-democracy   
262 I24 News - Spain to reform secret services after NSO spying scandal    - https://www.i24news.tv/en/news/international/euro pe/1653559492 -spain -to-
reform -secret -services -after-nso-spying -scandal   
263 The Register - NSO claims 'more than 5' EU states use Pegasus spyware - https://www.theregister.com/2 022/06/24/nso_customers_eu_pegasus/   
264 U. S. Department of Commerce - Commerce Adds NSO Group and Other Foreign Companies to Entity List for Malicious Cyber Activities - 
https://www.commerce.gov/news/press -releases/2021/11/commerce -adds -nso-group -and-other -foreign -companies -entity -list  
265 Axios - Scoop: Israelis push U.S. to remove NSO from blacklist - https://www.axios.com/2022/06/08/nso -pegasus -israel -us-commerce -blacklist   
266 As of the time of writing, the inquiry is still ongoing.  
267 European Parliament -About PEGA Committee - https://www.europarl.europa.eu/committees/en/pega/about   
268 https://www.europarl .europa.eu/RegData/etudes/IDAN/2022/732268/IPOL_IDA(2022)732268_EN.pdf   
269 Lennart Maschmeyer,Ronald J. Deibert &Jon R. Lindsay - A tale of two cybers - how threat reporting by cybersecurity firms systematically 
underrepresents threats to civil society - https://www.tandfonline.com/doi/full/10.1080/19331681.2020.1776658   
270 Meta - Threat Report on the Surveillance -for-Hire Industry - https://about.fb.com/wp -content/uploads/2021/12/Threat -Report -on-the-Surveillance -for-
Hire-Industry.pdf   
271 Google Threat Analysis Group - Spyware vendor targets users in Italy and Kazakhstan - https://blog.google/threat -analysis -group/italian -spyware -
vendor -targets -users -in-italy-and-kazakhstan/   
272 Reuters - EU say s use of spyware on journalists is unacceptable - https://www.reuters.com/world/europe/using -spyware -against -journa lists-
completely -unacceptable -eus-von-der-leyen -2021 -07-19/  
273 The Guardian - Pegasus spyware found on journalists’ phones, French intelligence confirms - 
https://www.theguardian.com/news/2021/aug/02/pegasus -spyware -found -on-journalists -phones -french -intelligence -confirms   
274 The Guardian - Hungarian journalists targeted with Pegasus spyware to sue state - https://www.theguardian.com/world/2022/jan/28/hungarian -
journalists -targeted -with-pegasus -spyware -to-sue-state   
275 Euractiv - Greek intelligence servi ce admits spying on journalist - https://www.euractiv.com/section/media/news/greek -intelligence -service -admits -
spying -on-journalist/   
 Please use footnotes for providing additional or explanatory information and/or relevant links. References should be listed 
in a dedicated section. Use only the function References/Insert Footnote  ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
40 
 Big tech companies work towards protecting their customers276277 and defend against spyware activities regardless of 
who is behind these attacks or who the targets might be270. Moreover, big tech companies have shared their findings 
with security researchers and policy makers270. Conversely, the means of investigating mobile phone compromises 
for defenders are still limited and need to be further improved.  
2.4 HACKTIVISTS’ TRENDS  
A new wave of hacktivism278. In ETL 2021, we highlighted the trend that hacktivist operations remai n low in 
numbers, sophistication and impact. However, during the reporting period and especially since the Russia -Ukraine 
crisis  began , we have observed a significant increase in hacktivist activity279 (as was shown in the introduction).  
The Ukraine -Russia conflict has been seen as an increasingly permissive (and unique) environment that mobili sed 
hacktivist groups that chose sides279 (around 70 hacktivist groups became involved280). We have observed a 
significant number of hacktivist groups targeting organi sations (even within the critical infrastructure sectors) primarily 
through DDoS attacks, defacements and data leaks. Moreover, a pretty interesting point was the coordination of the 
cyber operations of the hacktivist groups, primarily via Telegram groups that one could easily join, participate in, and 
even download the to ols provided to conduct cyber -attacks (e.g. DDoS).  
Some of the major Hacktivist groups were: Anonymous281, TeamOneFirst , IT Army of Ukraine (some researchers 
regard this group as a hybrid one since its structure contains state actor and hacktivist components122), GhostSec282, 
Against the West283 (ATW also announced a 0 -day on Nginx284), NB65285, and Belarusian Cyber Partisans286. On the 
other hand, some other hacktivist gro ups have targeted Ukrainian and western organ isations. Some of those 
hacktivist groups were: the Cyber Army of Russia, KILLNET287 288, XakNet  288289, and The Red Ban dits.    
Some of the above groups demonstrated a high level of sophistication in cyber operations279. Our assess ment is  that 
the operational tempo and the cyber activity from hacktivist groups will very likely remain high as the conflict between 
Russia and Ukraine continues. An interesting q uestion to be answered is whether this increased hacktivism activity 
will continue after the Ukraine -Russia conflict winds down or if hacktivism activity will revert to its previous low levels.  
An additional yet equally interesting question involves the po ssible infiltration of hacktivist groups by state actors290291, 
similarly as is the case with ransomware groups.  
From a strategic perspective, the Russia -Ukraine crisis has defined a new era for hacktivism, its role, and its impact 
on conflicts. In future con flicts, states will very likely adapt their cyber warfare operations and take advantage of this 
new 'hacktivism blueprint '292. However, this 'blueprint ' has implications for international norms in cyberspace and, 
more specifically, for state sponsorship of c yberattacks and against targeting critical civilian infrastructure293. 
                                                           
276 https://nex.sx/blog/2022/07/09/a -look-at-apple -lockdown -mode.html   
277 Google - Google’s efforts to identify and counter spyware - https://blog.google/threat -analysis -group/googles -efforts -to-identify -and-counter -
spyware/   
278 Republic of Estonia – Information System Authority - Tren ds and Challenges in Cyber Security – Q1 2022 - https://www.ria.ee/en/news/trends -and-
challenges -cyber -security -q1-2022.html   
279 SecAlliance - The Changing Landscap e of Hacktivism - https://www.secalliance.com/blog/the -changing -landscape -of-hacktivism   
280 Cyberknow - Update 15. 2022 Russia -Ukraine war — Cyber group tracker. June 13. - https://cyberknow.medium.com/update -15-2022 -russia -
ukraine -war-cyber -group -tracker -june-13-35289e4bfdb7   
281 BBC - Anonymous: How hacker s are trying to undermine Putin - https://www.bbc.com/news/technology -60784526   
282 Twitter – Ghost Security Group -   https://twitter.com/ ghostsecgroup?lang=en   
283 Cyberint - BlueHornet – One APT to Terrorize Them All - https://cyberint.com/blog/research/bluehornet -one-apt-to-terrorize -them -all/  
284 The Record - F5 investigating reports of NGINX zero day - https://therecord.media/f5 -investigating -reports -of-nginx -zero-day/  
285 Twitter – NB65 - https://mobile.twitter.com/xxnb65   
286 Twitter - Belarusian Cyber -Partisans - https://twitter.com/cpartisans?lang=en   
287 Digital Shadows - Killnet: The Hactivist Group That Started A Global Cyber War - https://www.digitalshadows.com/blog -and-research /killnet -the-
hactivist -group -that-started -a-global -cyber -war/  
288 CISA - Russian State -Sponsored and Criminal Cyber Threats to Critical Infrastructure - https://www.cisa.gov/uscert/ncas/alerts/aa22 -110a   
289 Twitter – XakNet team - https://twitter.com/XaknetTeam   
290 https://www.mandiant.com/resources/blog/apt28 -a-window -into-russias -cyber -espionage -operations   
291 https: //www.sentinelone.com/labs/hacktivism -and-state -sponsored -knock -offs-attributing -deceptive -hack -and-leak-
operations/   
292 SecAlliance - The Changing Landscape of Hacktivism  - https://www.secalliance.com/blog/the -changing -landscape -of-
hacktivism  
293 Council on Foreign Relations - Cyber Proxies in the Ukraine Conflict: Implications for International Norms - https://www.cfr.org/blog/cyber -proxies -
ukraine -conflict -implications -international -norms   
 Please use footnotes for providing additional or explanatory information and/or relevant links. References should be listed 
in a dedicated section. Use only the function References/Insert Footnote  ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
41 
 Hacktivist Ransomware: the new kid on the block.  During the reporting period, a hacktivist collective (a regional 
resistance organization) called Cyber Partisans conducted several notable  cyber operations. Cyber Partisans have 
conducted hack -and-leak operations294 and conducted the first -ever ransomware attack  of the type . In July 2021, they 
hacked the Belarusian Ministry of Internal Affairs and the exfiltrated data were shared with journali sts (the hack -and-
leak operation). The most interesting case, though, was the targeting of rail way supply lines on 24 January 2022 to 
slow down the movement of Russian troops295. To achieve this, the group deployed modified ransomware to bring 
down the railw ay system and encrypted servers, databases and workstations belonging to the Belarusian railway 
service296.    
A hacktivist group, NB65, conducted ransomware attacks u sing Conti’s leaked ransomware against Russian 
companies297. NB65 stated that they would not target organi sations outside Russia and that the ransom payments 
would be donated to Ukraine298. Furthermore, another hacktivist group, Red Bandits, mentioned in their tweets that 
they might consider distributing ransomware299. 
Our assess ment is  that threat actors will increasingly conduct ransomware attacks with no monetary motivations. 
Hacktivists will likely be attracted by the effectiveness and the impact that ransomware attacks can have as well as 
the media attention they attract. The scale and sophistication of hacktivists’ ransomware operations are not expected 
to be as high as the ones conducted by cybercriminals. Finally, governmental organ isations are very likely the 
primary targets of hacktivists’ ransomware operations.  
  
                                                           
294 CERT -EU - Threat Landscape Report 2021 Q3 - Executive Summary  - 
https://media.cert.europa.eu/static/MEMO/2021/TLP -WHITE -2021Q3 -Threat_Landscape_Report -Executive -Summary -
v1.0.pdf  
295 Twitter – Belarusian Cyber -Partisans - https://twitter.com/cpartisans/status/1485615555017117700   
296 Ransomware.org - A New Front: Hacktivist Ransomware - https://ransomware.org/blog/a -new-front-hacktivist -ransomware/   
297 Bleeping Computer - Hackers use Conti's leaked ransomware to attack Russian companies - 
https://www.bleepingcomputer.com/news/security/hackers -use-contis -leaked -ransomware -to-attack -russian -companies/   
298 Twitter – NB65 - https://twitter.com/xxNB65/status/1513593777759428624   
299 Twitter – Red Bandits - https://web.archive.org/web/20220222171652/ https://twitter.com/RedBanditsRU/status/1495986961760370689   ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
42 
  
ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
43 
 3. RANSOMWARE  
In the 2022 report, ENISA ’s Threat Landscape for Ransomware Attacks300, ransomware  was defined as: a type of 
attack where threat actors take control of a target’s assets and demand a ransom in exchange for the return of the 
assets ' availability.  The work cove rs the three key elements present in every ransomware attack: assets, actions and 
blackmail. This action -agnostic  definition was needed to cover the changing ransomware threat landscape, the 
prevalence of multi ple extortion techniques, and the different go als other than solely financial gains. The report also 
covers the four high -level actions (lock, encrypt, delete and steal) used by ransomware to impact the assets’ 
availability, confidentiality, and integrity. It can serve as a reference to better underst and this threat . 
By contrast, the definition of ransomware i n NIST describes ransomware  as: a type of malicious attack where 
attackers encrypt an organi sation’s data and demand payment to restore access. In some instances, attackers may 
also steal an organi sation’s information and demand additional payment in return for not disclosing the information to 
authorities, competitors or the public .301  
During this reporting period we again observed a large number of incidents concerning ransomware , proving onc e 
again that the ransomware threat is still growing. The incidents analysed are mainly focused on EU countries.  
Figure 11: Time  series of major incidents  observed by ENISA (July 2021 -June 2022)
 
For a more detailed analysis of the  ransomware threat , ENISA published a dedicated report in Jully 2022 showcasing 
the analys is of 623 incidents302.  
 
                                                           
300 https://www.enisa.europa.eu/publications/enisa -threat -landscape -for-ransomware -attacks   
301 https://csrc.nist.gov/CSRC/media/Publications/nistir/draft/documents/NIST.IR.8374 -preliminary -draft.pdf   
302 https://www.enisa.europa.eu/publications/enisa -threat -landscape -for-ransomware -attacks   
ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
44 
 Figure 12 Time  series of ransomware incidents from May 2021 to June 2022. In red bars the number of 
ransomware incidents is shown. In blue bars the cumulative amount of stolen data is shown
 
3.1 TRENDS  
3.1.1  Lockbit, Conti, and ALPHV  lead the charts.  
Research shows LockBit , Conti , and ALPHV  (BlackCat ) were  some of the  top ransomware strains  used in RaaS  
(Ransomware as a Service)  and extortion attacks in terms of victim organi sations in the first quarter of 2022 .303 This 
data is a result of combining the leak sites of extortion groups with OSINT and infiltration operations performed by 
security researchers. Different statistics also confirm  LockBit and Conti as the two most active ransomware gangs in 
Q1 2022, accounting for  more than half of all ransomware incidents .304 Over the course of Q2 2022, LockBit , Conti , 
and ALPHV accounted for more than half of the victims according to published statistics305.  
Note that around May 2022, as the Conti group took down its attack infrastructure , their affiliates migrate d to other 
RaaS platforms and groupi ngs, such as Hive, AvosLocker, and ALPHV. ALPHV emerged around the end of 2021 
when the group started recruiting affiliates on hacker forums. Th is ransomware strain was developed in RUST and 
targets various versions of Linux and Windows 7 and above. The gr oup is possibly associated with the DarkSide and 
BlackMatter groups, or it shares many members from these now inactive groups.306 A report from the FBI detailing 
indicators of compromise also mentions th at link developers and money launderers are share d betw een these 
groups.307 The name Blackcat was initially chosen because of a cat displayed on their Tor Payment site. However, 
the group is officially called and referred to as ALPHV.308 
                                                           
303 https://documents.trendmicro.com/assets/pdf/datasheet -ransomware -in-Q1-2022.pdf   
304 https://www.digitalshadows.com/blog -and-research/ q1-2022 -ransomware -roundup/   
305 SEKOIA Threat Intelligence FLASH Report - Mid-2022 Ransomware Overview  
306 https://www.digitalshadows.com/blog -and-researc h/alphv -the-first-rust-based -ransomware/   
307 https://www.ic3.gov/Media/News/2022/220420.pdf   
308 https://blog.emsisoft. com/en/40931/ransomware -profile -alphv/   
 Please use footnotes for providing additional or explanatory information and/or relevant links. References should be listed 
in a dedicated section. Use only the function References/Insert Footnote  
ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
45 
 Data from May 2022 suggest that next to ALPHV, Black Basta and Hive are also filling the gap Conti left behind309. 
Hive is a RaaS actor, active since at least June 2021, and has been confirmed responsible for a ransomware attack 
on Costa Rica's public health service310. This attack came not long after a state of national emergency was declared 
due to ongoing Conti ransomware attacks, impacting multiple Ministries and governmental bodies. There is at least 
some link between Conti and Hive, as they have leaked the same victims on both their leak sites simultaneously on 
multiple occasions311. 
Groups continue to disappear  and (re)emerge . At the same time, their source code is often re -used or stolen, making 
it challenging to understand how these groups are interlinked. Researchers often make assumptions based on source 
code overlap or re -used wallet addresses to make sense of this changing landscape.  
3.1.2  Phishing is now the most common initial vector  
In line with last year’s report, compromise through RDP  (Remote Desktop Protocol)  as an initial attack vector has 
continued to decline but remains th e second most important vector for ransomware attacks. Threat actors brute -force  
weak RDP credentials , especially when MFA is not enabled.  Now, phishing is the most used attack vector to gain an 
initial foothold in an organ isation. Both these methods are cheap and thus most profitable for threat actors312.  
Reports mention rise s in other categories, such as social engineering through other means besides mail and the 
direct compromising of insiders. Phishing attacks are carried out in high volume and target a broad audience, while 
other social engineering  attacks  make use of custom campaigns tailored to target specific employees. Using social 
engineering, threat actors leverage an employees' access inside an organ isation to gain a technical foothold in the 
network from which they carry out further attacks. RDP is a popular compromise method  as the  threat actors use 
legitimate credentials, allowing them to remain unnoticed . However, brute -forcing RDP credentials  is a noisy activity, 
and organi sations with more mature security will monitor for these attempts at authentication. When the access of a 
compromised insider  is used , it becomes more difficult for organi sations to detect malicious activity in time312.    
A survey conducted at the end of 2021 and repeated this year reports that o ver half of respondents say they or their 
employees have been approached to assist  in aiding ransomware attacks313. The rise in these statistics confirms that 
insider threat as an initial compromise is on the rise. 
3.1.3  Extorsion techniques evolve  further  
Classic ransomware operations would collect information before engaging in additional actions such as extorsion with 
or without encrypting the files. If the company refuses to pay, the leak is made public and/or the data is made public 
on so -called leak sites. These leak sites group all victims of a particular RaaS threat actor and are often only 
available through Tor.  
In June 2022, ALPHV started creating a dedicated leak site for individual victims hosted over the public internet. They 
leaked customer and employee information and data packs for individual employee s. Using the website’s 
functionality, employees or customers  could check if they were present in the data leak314. The spread of information 
on the public internet tends to go faster, gets cached, gets indexed and therefore it could be an effective way for 
threat actors to leverage their victims into paying a ransom.  Furthermore, it allows third -party victims  whose data was 
leaked to investigate whether they were impacted.  
We had seen and reported last year third -party victims being contacted directly when the initial victim  was breach ed 
and had refused to pay the ransom. They would then either demand ransom from the third party or leverage these 
impacted customers to pressur ise the company. Creating a public search site has become a new way for threat 
                                                           
309 https://blog.malwarebytes.com/threat -intelligence/2022/06/ransomware -may-2022 -review/   
310 https://twitter.com/CCSSdeCostaRica/status/1531628187846844418   
311 https://www.a dvintel.io/post/hydra -with-three -heads -blackbyte -the-future -of-ransomware -subsidiary -groups   
312 https://www.coveware.com/bl og/2022/5/3/ransomware -threat -actors -pivot -from-big-game -to-big-shame -hunting#vectors   
313 https://www.hitachi -
id.com/hubfs/A.%20Key%20Topic%20Collateral/Ransomware/%5BInfographic%5D%20The%20Rising%20Insider%20Threat%20%7C%20Hackers%2
0Have%20Approached%2065%25%20of%20Executives%20or%20Their%20Employees%20To%20Assist%20in%20Ranso mware%20Attacks.pdf   
314 https://www.bleepingcomputer.com/news/security/ransomware -gang -creates -site-for-employees -to-search -for-their-stolen -data/   
 Please use footnotes for providing additional or explanatory information and/or relevant links. References should be listed 
in a dedicated section. Use only the function References/Insert Footnote  ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
46 
 actors to get third-party victims to identify themselves quickly. If these affected  customers contact the RaaS actor 
themselves, this can cause a shift -left approach315 and limit the effort invested by the threat actor.  
Industrial Spy , a dark web marketplace, launched around April 2022. The group had previously focused on  data theft 
but, since May 2022, it has also been undertaking ransomware operations316. The group’s initial victims only received 
a notice pointing to their leak site but the data itself was not encrypted. The victim was encouraged to 'buy' its data 
before a  competitor would buy it first. This threat actor actively defaced its victims’ websites to display the ransom 
notes317. This is a changing tactic, as during the initial phase of a classic ransomware infection, during a limited time 
window, the attack would not be made public in order to conduct negotiations and convince the company to pay the 
ransom. It’s often only when a company refuses to pay or to cooperate that it ends up on a leak site. This increase in 
public shaming  has a  direct impact  on the company ’s public relations and reputation.  
Another  new trend is a victim's data being published on leak sites without mentioning the company’s name . This was 
the case with Midas, Lorenz, Cheerscrypt, and Everest, all smaller RaaS groups. This approach puts pressu re on the 
victims to pay a ransom before the ir name s are  made public, but it also buys these companies some time to plan.  
Novelli, a very active initial access broker (IAB), sells network access to RaaS groups and focuses on selling RDP 
credentials318. IABs  play an important role in the ransomware threat landscape, as RaaS groups actively buy access. 
It is a way for ransomware threat actors to remain active on forums where the promotion of ransomware activities or 
affiliate programs ha s become forbidden319. 
3.1.4  Unique organi sational insights from leaks  
In February 2022, preceding the apparent public retirement of the Conti RaaS group, their internal chat logs were 
leaked, giving some unique insights into the internal organi sation  of the group , how it o perat es as a business  and 
how the group is structured. Like a business, the group was comprised of middle management, HR managers, 
different  technical  teams  with specialized capabilities , and benefit s for the employees. The group worked mainly 
during the week, and th e employees enjoyed benefits such as paid leave320.  
The logs were mainly in the Russian language, and next to chat logs, other types of files were leaked, such as 
documentation, internal software, screenshots, etc. One quick start guide describes general re commendations to 
attack and gain persistence on their victims' network. It gives a unique insight into how the organi sation approaches 
attacks on its victims from a technical perspective. IoT devices are described as an essential initial attack surface. 
Next, remote access service technologies like RDP and VPN  (Virtual Private Networks)  are recommended as an 
initial backdoor. Finally, the group also documents how the AD (active directory) is often the initial target to gain a 
persisten t presence  in the orga nisation’s network321. 
3.1.5  Rapid weaponi sation of vulnerabilities  
The average time to exploit is within eight days of a vendor's publication of the vulnerability. This trend highlights the 
importance of proper patch management and a threa t-informed approach to the risk management  of vulnerabilities322. 
For more information regarding the CVEs that were discovered and used during this reporting period check ANNEX C  
3.1.6  The impact of law enforcement on the global scale.  
In January 2022, e ight members of the REvil ransomwa re group were arrested in Russia by the Federal Security 
Service (FSB)323. It was the second most active group in 2021, and it was most known for its attack on Colonial 
                                                           
315 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shift -left_testing   
316 https://securityaffairs.co/wordpress/131754/cyber -crime/industrial -spy-cuba -ransomware.html   
317 https://twitter.com/malwrhunterteam/status/1532325586508587008  
318 KELA Cybercrime Intelligence  - Ransomware victims and network access sales in Q1 2022  
319 https://www.digitalshadows.com/blog -and-research/colonial -pipeline -attack -update -cybercriminal -forum -xss-bans -all-things -ransomware/   
320 www.digitalshadows.com/blog -and-research/five -things -we-learned -from-the-Conti -chat-logs/     
321 Forescout - Vedere Labs - Analysis of Conti Leaks  – March 2022  
322 https://blog.malwarebytes.com/business/2022/07/ransomware -rolled -through -business -defenses -in-q2-2022/   
323 http://www.fsb.ru/fsb/press/message/single.htm%21id%3D10439388%40fsbMessage.html   
 Please use footnotes for providing additional or explanatory information and/or relevant links. References should be listed 
in a dedicated section. Use only the function References/Insert Footnote  ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
47 
 Pipeline and the supply chain attack on Kaseya, a tool used by global MSPs. It is believe d that the people arrested 
were only small fish in the global REvil organ isation.  
Indeed, analysis of samples dating from March and April 2022 indicates the source code is being actively developed. 
Therefore, it is possible that the REvil group is still a ctive in some way or that another threat actor group is further 
developing its code324. Notable differences are the remov al of code verif ying the ransomware is not executing within a 
prohibited region , and updates of the hard -coded public keys. This last element can indicate that the actors either lost 
the original keys or did not have access to them in the first place.  
However, due to the current geopolitical situation, it is unlikely that the trial will result in a penal senten ce. Indeed, 
reports emerged  about the case falling apart due to a supposed lack of evidence and information -sharing between 
national law enforcement agencies325.  
A Canadian national, active as an affiliate for the NetWalker ransomware group,  was sentenced in February 2022  to 
seven ye ars in prison326. The arrest took place in 2021 when Netwalker was still a very active ransomware group.  
In 2021, we saw a lot of action from law enforcement against ransomware actors. This year, the number of publicly 
disclosed actions by law enforcement against ransomware threat actors was greatly  reduced.  
3.1.7  Payment prohibition  
While the debate regarding legislation to forbid  ransomware payments has  long been ongoing over 2021, there was 
no change or progress until May 2022. North Carolina t hen announced that public entities were prohibited from 
paying ransoms. Since June 2022 the state of Florida has also been prohibit ing agencies from paying ransom and  is 
enforc ing the need to give notice about any such incident327. In addition, the Cyber inc ident Reporting Act obliges 
mandatory incident reporting within 72 hours of experiencing a cyberattack and within 24 hours of making a 
ransomware payment328. It remains to be seen whether these undertakings will be effective, as RaaS groups will not 
limit th emselves because of local legislation. Only in a more global context could these legal measures become more 
effective.   
                                                           
324 https://www.secureworks.com/blog/revil -development -adds -confidence -about -gold-southfield -reemergence   
325 https://kommersant.ru/doc/5369361   
326 https://www.documentcloud.org/documents/21199313 -sebastien -vachon -desjardins -guilty -plea-sentencing   
327 https://www.databreaches.net/florida -follows -north -carolina -in-prohibiting -state -agencies -from-paying -ransoms/   
328 https://www.peters.senate.gov/newsroom/press -releases/peters -landmark -provision -requiring -critical -infrastructure -to-report -cyber -attacks -signed -
into-law-as-part-of-funding -bill-  ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
48 
  
ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
49 
 4. MALWARE  
Malware, also referred to  as malicious code or malicious logic329, is an overarching term used to describe any 
software or firmware intended to perform an unauthor ised process that will have an adverse impact on the 
confidentiality, integrity or availability of a system. Examples of malicious code types include viruses, worms, trojan 
horses or other code -based entities that in fect a host. Spyware and some forms of adware are also examples of 
malicious code330. 
Malicious actors typically use malware throughout their campaigns. It is a fundamental  capability for gaining and 
maintaining control of assets, evading and deceiving defen ces, and carrying out post -compromise actions. Viruses, 
worms and Trojan horses differ on many points, such as the infection vector, replication, distribution, and spread and 
attacker control. From a technical perspective, we can also differentiate compone nts with different types of capability, 
such as payloads, droppers, post -compromise tools, backdoors and packers331. The malware components used in an 
attack depend on the goal of the threat actor. This can range from getting control over systems and network s (initial 
access brokers, botnets)  or over data (ransomware threat actors, information stealing) to making them unavailable 
altogether. Ransomware was quantified332 as a top impact threat and is described in more detail in chapter 3. 
Developing the componen ts that comprise malware requires specific expertise. As detection and blue team 
capabilities evolve over time, the malicious code is often in continuous development to adapt to the changing 
requirements of victim environments. This code is sold, shared, s tolen, and re -purposed, making it challenging for 
researchers and law enforcement to correctly attribute the threat actors involved in a malware campaign. Malicious 
code is prevalent and so are new malware families and strains. Resilience against attacks a nd deterrence against 
threat actors is an ongoing and uneven battle. The following section documents high -level trends identified during the 
reporting period.  
During this reporting period, we have again observed a large number of incidents concerning malw are. The incidents 
analysed are mainly focused on EU countries .  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                                                           
329 https://csrc.nist.gov/glossary/term/malware   
330 https://nvlpu bs.nist.gov/nistpubs/SpecialPublications/NIST.SP.800 -171r2.pdf   
331 https://attack.mitre.org/techniques/T1587/001/   
332 ENISA  Cybersecurity Threat Landscape (CTL) methodology,  July 2022. https://www.enisa.europa.eu/publications/enisa -threat -landscape -
methodology   ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
50 
 Figure 13 Time  series of major incidents observed by ENISA (July 2021 -June 2022)
 
 
4.1 TRENDS  
4.1.1  After the COVID -19 drop, malware detection  is on the rise again  
In 2020, and the beginning of 2021, a global decrease in malware was noticed. This drop was linked to the C OVID -19 
pandemic  and the fact that employees worked from home, thus limiting the visibility of malware infections you would 
typically find on corpora te infrastructure s333. By the end of 2021, when more people started returning to the office, a 
heavy increase in malware was notified  (Figure 6)334. However, data suggests that the increase is not linearly linked 
to more people  being  in the corporate environme nt, simply because there has been more malware. The rise in 
malware is attributed mainly to crypto -jacking and IoT malware335. 
In 2021, the most common malware families included remote access Trojans (RATs), banking Trojans, information 
stealers and ransomwa re. The most common malware strains included Agent Tesla, AZORult, Formbook, Ursnif, 
LokiBot, MOUSEISLAND, NanoCore, Qakbot, Remcos, TrickBot, and GootLoader336. Most of these strains have 
been active  for more than five years, confirming how malware developm ent is a continuous effort and that active 
development does pay off. Other data from Q1 2022 confirms this trend, where the rise of Emotet (again) is a notable 
change.  
4.1.2  Malware targeting IoT almost doubles  
IoT malware ha s increased over 2021. The change in the first half of 2022 shows the prevalence of IoT targeting 
malware almost doubling. In the first 6 months of 2022, the attack volume is already higher than had been recorded 
over the last 4 years337. Research shows that in the first months of 2022, Mirai botnets were responsible for most 
                                                           
333 ENISA Threat Landscape 2021  
334 Malwarebytes Threat Review 2022  
335 Mid-Year Update: 2022 SonicWall  Cyber Threat Report  
336 joint Cybersecurity Advisory (CSA) – CISA/ ACSC - 2021 Top Malware Strains  
337 Mid-Year Update: 2022 SonicWall Cyber Threat Report  
 Please use footnotes for providing additional or explanatory information and/or relevant links. References should be listed 
in a dedicated section. Use only the function References/Insert Footnote  
ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
51 
 attacks, quantified to more than 7 million attacks. Mozi, another large botnet, ha s grown slight ly since Q3 2021 and 
was detected more than 5 million times338. 
In 2021 and 2022, the most co mmon IoT targets were networking devices such as Netgear (DGN), D -Link 
(HNAP), and Dasan (GPON)339. 
4.1.3  Supply chain attacks targeting open -source frameworks  
Malware distribution is also achieved by so -called supply chain attacks. Open -source frameworks are eith er cloned 
with infected malware, with t he goal of infecting anyone who implements these as tools or packages within their 
project s. As anyone can publish packages to open -source platforms , malware injection often remains under the radar  
for a long time .  
A common way this is leveraged is through 'typo squatting' . By introducing a new package in such repositories, with a 
name very similar to popular packages, the chance increases that the package can either be referenced 
unintentionally by a developer, or th at the dependency is introduced by the attacker on the original project through a 
PR, without standing out as an attack. In August 2021, researchers tracked around 8 malicious python libraries, 
downloaded more than 30 ,000 times back then340. 
Another use case  is the use of rogue python libraries to steal information such as credentials. In June 2022 pygrata  
and loglib  were found to extract AWS keys341. In august 2022, research uncovered more than 10 such packages. 
AsciI2text is an example of this type of  malware ; it will look for local passwords and upload them back to the 
attacker's infrastructure342.  
These attacks are found on common and popular repositories  like NPM343  344, Python345, and RubyGems . 
4.1.4  Shift away from Microsoft Office Macros  
VBA macros were  a widespread way for malicious actors to gain access to deploy malware and ransomware . 
Microsoft announced in July 2022 that Office applications would block macros in files from the internet346. Malware 
distribution campaigns shifted away from macros. Data gathered between October 2021 and June 2022 confirms  this 
shift towards using container files (ISO, ZIP, RAR) and Windows Shortcut (LNK) files in campaigns to distribute 
malware.  
Since this security hardening, the number of malware campaigns using VBA mac ros has decreased from 70% to 
20%, while the number of campaigns using LNK has increased from approximately 5% to more than 70%347. An 
example of such a campaign was detailed around April 2022 using a zipped ISO attachment to deliver BumbleBee, a 
downloader containing anti -virtuali sation checks348.  
Note that many phishing campaigns use password -protected archives to bypass  detection engines.  
4.1.5  Mobile malware distribution: from broad infection to targeted attacks  
                                                           
338 ESET Threat Report T1 2022  
339 2022 SonicWall Cyber Threat Report  
340 https://jfrog.com/blog/malicious -pypi-packages -stealing -credit -cards -injecting -code/#products   
341 https://blog.sonatype.com/python -packages -upload -your-aws-keys-env-vars-secrets -to-web  
342 https://research.checkpoint.com/2022/cloudguard -spectral -detects -several -malicious -packages -on-pypi-the-official -software -repository -for-python -
developers/   
343 https://blog.reversinglabs.com/blog/iconburst -npm-software -supply -chain -attack -grabs -data-from-apps -websites    
344 https://www.bleepingcomputer.com/news/security/new -linux -macos -malware -hidden -in-fake-browserify -npm-package/   
345 https://medium.com/checkmarx -security/typosquatting -campaign -targeting -12-of-pythons -top-packages -downloading -malware -hosted -on-github -
9501f35b8efb   
346 https://docs.microsoft.com/en -us/deployoffice/security/internet -macros -blocked   
347 https://www.proofpoint.com/us/blog/threat -insight/how -threat -actors -are-adapting -post-macro -world   
348 https://www.proofpoint.com/us/blog/threat -insight/bumblebee -is-still-transforming     
 Please use footnotes for providing additional or explanatory information and/or relevant links. References should be listed 
in a dedicated section. Use only the function References/Insert Footnote  ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
52 
 In June 2022, adware trojans were downloaded aroun d 10 million times, according to a report349. Google has been 
swift to remove the malicious applications  but they often remain unnoticed for a long time. Adware will present 
intrusive ads and try to subscribe users to premium and expensive services.  
Furtherm ore, targeted mobile malware continued to be an important threat throughout 2021 and 2022. In the previous 
reporting period, we talked about Pegasus, the NSO spyware. We also saw more recent targeted attacks from other 
organ isations, such as Predator from spyware developer Cytrox350. Public reports show that t he targets of these 
attacks are often members of the political opposition, journalists  and activists  (as seen in chapter 2)351.    
4.1.6  Malware in the context of Ukraine  
In January  2022,  intrusion activit ies were identified as Master Boot Records (MBR) Wiper activity. This malware 
capability was used against multiple organ isations in Ukraine.  The malware was designed to look like ransomware 
but did not contain any feature for recovery. The primary purpose of the malware was to make data and systems 
unavailable352. Since then, many destr uctive malware strains were identified targeting  Ukraine, including 
WhisperGate, HermeticWiper, IsaacWiper, HermeticWizard, and CaddyWiper.  
Malware spam campaigns ( Agent Tesla  and Remcos ) were found  to be re -using the escalation in the Ukraine -Russia 
conflict to lure victims into opening malicious attachments353. 
Also, o pportunistic cybercriminals targeted Ukrainian sympathi sers by hosting malware posing as  offensive  tools to 
target Russian entities. Once downloaded, these files infect users rather than delivering the tools354. 
4.1.7  Coordinated take -down of mobile malware FluBot  
Flubot is mobile malware installed via text messages , asking Android users to click a link and install the application . 
The application  then asks for accessibility permissions  allowing attackers  access to banking app lication  credentials or 
cryptocurrency account details and disabling built -in security mechanisms.   
In June 2022, Europol announced the takedown o f the FluBot operation  and the takeover of its infrastructure355. The 
take-down was a technically complex operation involving 11 European Countries: Australia, Belgium, Finland, 
Hungary, Ireland, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, the Netherlands, and the United States.  Because the attacker’s 
infrastructure became fully controlled by law enforcement, they now had a clear picture of the number of victims.  
  
                                                           
349 https://news.drweb.com/show/review/?lng=en&i=14520   
350 https://citizenlab.ca/2021/12/pegasus -vs-predator -dissidents -doubly -infected -iphone -reveals -cytrox -mercenary -spyware/   
351 https://about.fb.com/news/2021/12/taking -action -against -surveillance -for-hire/  
352 https: //www.microsoft.com/security/blog/2022/01/15/destructive -malware -targeting -ukrainian -organizations/   
353 https://www.bitdefender.com/blog/hotforsecurity/bitdefender -labs-sees -increased -malicious -and-scam -activity -exploiting -the-war-in-ukraine   
354 https://blog.talosi ntelligence.com/2022/03/threat -advisory -cybercriminals.html   
355 https://www.europol.europa.eu/media -press/newsroom/news/tak edown -of-sms-based -flubot -spyware -infecting -android -phones   ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
53 
 
 ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
54 
 5. SOCIAL ENGINEERING  
Social engineering  encompasses a broad range of activities that attempt to exploit a hum an error or human 
behaviour with the objective of gaining access to information or services356. It uses various forms of manipulation to 
trick victims into making mistakes or hand over sensitive or secret information. In cyber security, social engineering 
lures users into opening documents, files or e -mails, visit websites or grant unauthorised persons access to systems 
or services. And although these tricks can abuse technology they always rely on a human element to be successful.    
This threat canvas consis ts mainly of the following vectors: phishing, spear -phishing, whaling, smishing, vishing, 
business e -mail compromise (BEC), fraud, impersonation and counterfeit.  
Phishing  aims at stealing important information like credit card numbers and passwords, throug h e-mails involving 
social engineering and deception. Spear -phishing  is a more sophisticated version of phishing that targets specific 
organisations or individuals. Whaling  is a spear -phishing attack aimed at users in high positions (executives, 
politician s etc.). Smishing , a term derived as a combination of 'SMS ' and 'phishing ', occurs when financial or 
personal information of victims are gathered via the use of SMS messages. Another related threat is vishing , a 
combination of phishing and voice that occur s when information is given via phone, where malicious actors using 
social engineering techniques to extract sensitive information from users.  
Business e -mail compromise  (BEC) is a sophisticated scam targeting businesses and organisations, whereby 
criminal s employ social engineering techniques to gain access to an employee’s or executive’s e -mail account to 
initiate bank transfers under fraudulent conditions.  
Fraud357 is the intentional misrepresentation or concealment of an important fact upon which the vic tim is meant to 
rely. Impersonation  is when one entity illegitimately assumes the identity of another entity in order to benefit from it. 
Counterfeit  finally is the fraudulent imitation of something.  
During this reporting period, we have again observed a l arge number of incidents concerning social engineering 
threats. We are seeing a rise in 2022 which reinforces what was mentioned in chapter 3 as the common initial vector. 
The incidents analysed are mainly focused on EU countries.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                                                           
356 https://www.imperva.com/learn/application -security/social -engineering -attack/   
357 Fraud: https://www.britannica.com/dictionary/fraud   ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
55 
 Figure 14: Time  series  of major incidents  observed by ENISA (July 2021 -June 2022)
 
 
5.1 TRENDS  
Social engineering and especially phishing remain a popular technique for attackers to conduct their malicious 
activities358 359 360 361. According to the Verizon Data Breach Investigations Report362 (DBIR) about 82% of breaches 
involve a human element  and no less than 60% of the breaches in Europe, the Middle East and Africa include a 
social engineering component. The underlying reason for the criminals' inte rest in social engineering is obvious. E -
mail is where their potential victims are easiest reachable. And despite awareness raising  campaigns and exercises, 
users still fall for these tricks363. Also according to the DBIR, attackers continue to use stolen cr edentials to obtain 
more details on a target via company e-mails. Their final goal is then to use this information to craft realistic pretexts, 
for example as part of BEC attacks.  
The takedown364 of Emotet by law enforcement and judicial authorities in Janua ry 2021 caused a decline in malicious 
activities but this was mostly cancelled out in the reporting period by prolific phishing and fraud activity365 366. And 
despite the takedown, Emotet resurfaced in November 2021, which some researchers reported at the behe st of the 
Conti ransomware group367 368. The leak (or 'disclosure ') of the playbook of this group also underlined369 370 371 that 
ransomware groups rely heavily on well -established social engineering options372 such as spear phishing and phone 
                                                           
358 ESET threat report T32021 https://www.welivesecurity.com/2022/02/0 9/eset -threat -report -t32021/   
359 Microsoft Digital Defense Report https://query.prod.cms.rt.microsoft.com/cms/api/am/binary/RWMFIi   
360 IBM X -Force Threat Intelligence Index 2022  https://www.ibm.com/downloads/cas/ADLMYLAZ   
361 Heimdal CyberSecurity & Threat Intelligence Report 2021 https://heimdals ecurity.com/blog/cybersecurity -threat -report/   
362 Verizon DBIR https://www.verizon.com/business/resources/reports/dbir/   
363 Acronis Cyberthreats Report 2022 https://www.acronis.com/en -us/resource -center/resource/672/   
364 Europol World’s most dangerous malware EMOTET disrupted through global action https://www.europol.europa.eu/media -
press/newsroom/news/world%E2%80%99s -most -dangerous -malware -emotet -disrupted -through -global -action   
365 ESET threat report T32021 https://www.welivesecurity.com/2022/02/09/eset -threat -report -t32021/  
366 IBM X -Force Threat Intelligence Index 2022 https://www.ibm.com/downloads/cas/ADLMYLAZ  
367 Cofense Phishing Takeaways from the Conti Ransomware Leaks – Part 2 https://cofense.com/blog/phishing -takeaways -from-conti -ransomeware -
leaks -part-2  
368 Intel 471 Conti and Emotet: A constantly destructive duo https://intel471.com/blog/conti -emotet -ransomware -conti -leaks   
369 Tenable 2021 Threat Landscape https://www.tenable.com/cyber -exposure/2021 -threat -landscape -retrospective   
370 IBM X -Force Threat Intelligence Index 2022 https://www.ibm.com/downloads/cas/ADLMYLAZ  
371 Unit 42 Ransomware Threat Report 2022 https://start.paloaltonetworks.com/unit -42-ransomware -threa t-report.html   
372 CISA https://www.cisa.gov/uscert/ncas/alerts/aa21 -265a   
 Please use footnotes for providing additional or explanatory information and/or relevant links. References should be listed 
in a dedicated section. Use only the function References/Insert Footnote  
ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
56 
 calls as their primary p athway for initial access. Both Europol373 and the FBI374 report that phishing and social 
engineering remain the main vectors for payment fraud, increasing in both volume and sophistication. The Ponemon 
Institute375 reports that the cost of phishing in 2021 has more than tripled since 2015, with the most time -consuming 
tasks to resolve these attacks being the cleaning and fixing of infected systems and conducting forensic investigation.  
It's worth noting that Mandiant376 observed far fewer intrusions initiated via phishing in 2021. When the initial 
compromise was identified by Mandiant, phishing was the vector in only 11% of intrusions in 2021 compared to 23% 
in 2020. These numbers are based on Mandiant investigations and not so much on global telemetry on malicious  
activity, whether successful or not.  
In general the objective of social engineering (and consequentially the impact for victims) is gaining access to 
information or services or obtaining knowledge about a specific subject but it is also used for financial  profit . It thus 
comes as no surprise that during the reporting period financial institutes were among the top organisations 
impersonated by phishers. Next to the financial sector, the criminals themed377 378 379 their social engineering 
campaigns around the tec hnology sector with brands such as Microsoft, Apple and Google ranking as the top 
impersonated targets. We also witnessed social engineering campaigns mimicking popular cloud services used by 
remote worker s or the platforms that are used by streaming and m edia providers. Cybercriminals also continued to 
capital ise on the C ovid-19 pandemic in whatever ways they could.  
Lastly, the decision by Microsoft380 to disable Excel 4.0 macros by default is likely going to have an impact on the 
techniques used by threat actors to deliver their payloads. Those actors that used to rely on macros in attachments381 
for spear -phishing operations will now have to change their TTPs, for example by using LNK files, disk images or MSI 
installers. This will likely have an impact on t he detection coverage and detection use cases of organisations.  
5.1.1  Kits and services  
Creating phishing websites and setting up the underlying infrastructure for a social engineering campaign can be a 
tedious job. Instead, criminals turn more and more to ready -made material offered by phishing kits or they make use 
of a service model through  'Phishing -as-a-Service '.  
IBM reports382 that deployments of phishing kit s generally ha ve a short lifespan, with almost one -third of deployed kits 
being used for no longer th an a day. According to Microsoft383, modern phishing kits are sufficiently sophisticated to 
masquerade as legitimate content in their use of spelling, grammar and imagery. In the same report Microsoft notes 
that the miscreants making use of these kits can al so be fooled. Some of the kits contain 'added' functionality that not 
only sends the credentials obtained to phishers but also to the kit’s originating author or a sophisticated intermediary. 
From a victim 's point of view this can severely aggravate the im pact of an incident as stolen credentials now end up 
in the hands of several different gangs.  
Phishing kits also take into account regional differences (with geo -blocking), filter out unwelcome agents, add 
obfuscation options384 and are sold as part of a sof tware -as-a-service package: Phishing -as-a-Service  (PhaaS). 
These services are not new but a report385 from Microsoft on the BulletProofLink operation show its level of 
sophistication, professional business model and its use of automation.  
                                                           
373 Europol IOCTA 2021 https://www.europol.europa.eu/publications -events/main -reports/internet -organised -crime -threat -assessment -iocta -2021   
374 FBI IC3 report https: //www.ic3.gov/Media/PDF/AnnualReport/2021_IC3Report.pdf   
375 Ponemon Institute The 2021 Cost of Phishing Study sponsored by Proofpoint https://ponemonsullivanreport.com/2021/08/   
376 Mandiant M -TRENDS 2022 https://www.mandiant.com/resources/m -trends -2022   
377 ESET threat report T32021 https://www.welivesecurity.com/2022/02/09/eset -threat -report -t32021/   
378 IBM X -Force Threat Intelligence Index 2022 https://www.ibm.com/downloads/cas/ADLMYLAZ   
379 Microsoft Digital Defense Report https://query.prod.cms.rt.microsoft.com/cms/api/am/binary/RWMFIi   
380 Excel 4.0 (XLM) macros now restricted by default for customer protection https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/excel -blog/excel -4-0-xlm-macros -
now-restricted -by-default -for-customer/ba -p/3057905   
381 Phishing: Spearphishing Attachme nt T1566.001 https://attack.mitre.org/techniques/T1566/001/   
382 IBM X -Force Threat Intelligence Index 2022 https://www.ibm.com/download s/cas/ADLMYLAZ  
383 Microsoft Digital Defense Report https://query.prod.cms.rt.microsoft.com/cms/api/am/binary/RWMFIi  
384 https://www.bleepingcomputer.com/news/security/phishing -kits-constantly -evolve -to-evade -security -software/   
385 Catching the big fish: Analyzing a large -scale phishing -as-a-service operation https://www.microsoft.com/security/blog/2021/09/21/catching -the-big-
fish-analyzing -a-large -scale -phishing -as-a-service -operation/   
 Please use footnotes for providing additional or explanatory information and/or relevant links. References should be listed 
in a dedicated section. Use only the function References/Insert Footnote  ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
57 
 Because of the low  cost of access and the relative ease of how these campaigns can be deployed it is very  likely that 
phishing campaigns, run via Phishing -as-a-Service infrastructure, are not going away anytime soon.  
An extension of PhaaS is the use of Initial Access Brokers  (IAB). This supply chain of social engineering specialists 
first opens the 'flood gates ' to an organisation, after which they hand over their access , often credentials or installed 
remote access tools , to follow -up actors386. As the DBIR stated earlie r, this can then be used by the attackers to 
engage with victims or find their way further into an organisation. This market for IAB has further flourished387 in 
recent years, mostly because of the constant demand from criminal organisations for easy access to organisations.   
Due to the increased diversification, professionalisation and specialisation of threat groups (groups responsible for 
initial access, groups for malware or ransomware and then extorsion), it is very  likely that we will see more cases of 
initial access brokers first fighting their way into an organisation and then making their access available for follow -up 
criminal activity or , if that were the case, espionage campaigns.  
A noteworthy campaign by an initial access broker referred to as 'Ex otic Lily' was documented by Google's TAG 
(Threat Analysis Group)388 in March 2022. The group used phishing e-mails to deliver an exploit for a vulnerability in 
Microsoft MSHTML and appears to be providing initial access for groups spreading Conti and Diavol  ransomware. 
The payload of the mails included the use of disk image (ISO) files. But they were not the only threat actors that we re 
observed that were using disk images.  
5.1.2  Spear -phishing campaign by The Dukes  
ESET389 revealed a noteworthy spear -phishing campa ign conducted by The Dukes390, also referred to as APT29, 
Cozy Bear or Nobelium. In October and November 2021 this espionage group targeted various European diplomatic 
missions and Ministries of Foreign Affairs with approaches similar to their earlier campai gns targeting French391 and 
Slovak392 organisations. In the latest campaign the actors impersonated other government agencies and persuaded 
victims to open an HTML file which then downloaded a disk image (ISO or VHDX). Within this disk image the 
attackers stor ed further malware, eventually leading to a Cobalt Strike beacon. Disk images are a powerful method 
for evading defence s to deliver malware. The Mark -of-the-Web (MOTW) cannot be applied to the files inside a disk 
image, and as such it evades SmartScreen an d there will be no warning for users that potentially unsafe files 
(downloaded from the internet) are being opened393 394. 
A similar campaign, with a little twist, was conducted earlier in July 2021. In this campaign395 the initial e -mail, 
impersonating someone working at the Belgian embassy in Ireland, did not contain malicious content. It's only after 
replying, in which the reply was sent to a compromised account instead of to the Belgian embassy, that victims 
received a follow -up e-mail with a ZIP attachment, containing once again a disk image (ISO) which then leads to a 
Cobalt Strike.  
This approach of first sending a non -malicious e -mail with a follow -up message containing payload is a technique 
also employed by SideWinder396, a threat actor primarily active in Asia. 
We have singled out these campaigns by The Dukes because of their specific targeting  and profiling of victims, the 
persistence  and long -term operation of their activities and not to forget the quality  of their lures. The different cases 
observed during this reporting period demonstrate their continued activity and the fact that they remain a prime threat 
                                                           
386 Microsoft Digital Defense Report https://query.prod.cms.rt.microsoft.com/cms/api/am/binary/RWMFIi  
387 Initial Access Brokers in 2021: An Ever Expanding Thre at https://www.digitalshadows.com/blog -and-research/initial -access -brokers -in-2021 -an-
ever-expanding -threat/   
388 Exposing initial acces s broker with ties to Conti https://blog.google/threat -analysis -group/exposing -initial -access -broker -ties-conti/   
389 ESET threat report T32021 https://www.welivesecurity.com/2022/02/09/eset -threat -report -t32021/  
390 APT29: https://apt.etda.or.th/cgi -bin/showcard.cgi?g=APT%2029%2C%20Cozy%20Bear%2C%20The%20Dukes   
391 ANSSI CERTFR -2021 -CTI-011 https://www.cert.ssi.gouv.fr/cti/CERTFR -2021 -CTI-011/  
392 APT Cobalt S trike Campaign targeting Slovakia (DEF CON talk) https://www.istrosec.com/blog/apt -sk-cobalt/   
393 Threat Thursday - Evading Defenses with ISO files like NOBELIUM https://www.scythe.io/library/threat -thursday -evading -defenses -with-iso-files-
like-nobelium   
394 New sophisticated email -based attack from NOBELIUM https://www.microsoft.com/security/blog/2021/05/27/new -sophisticated -email -based -attack -
from-nobelium/   
395 Twitter Alex Lanstein https://twitter.com/alex_lanstein/status/1415835521553735687   
396 SideWinder https://apt.etda.or.th/cg i-bin/showcard.cgi?g=SideWinder%2C%20Rattlesnake   
 Please use footnotes for providing additional or explanatory information and/or relevant links. References should be listed 
in a dedicated section. Use only the function References/Insert Footnote  ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
58 
 to western diplomats, NGOs and think tanks. It is very  likely that we  will witness further campaign s by this set of 
intruders. 
5.1.3  Ukraine war themed attacks  
A campaign highlighted in March 2022 by Proofpoint397 is about a likely nation -state sponsored phishing campaign 
that used a possibly compromised Ukrainian armed service member’s e-mail account to target  European government 
personnel involved in managing the logistics f or refugees fleeing Ukraine. The campaign used an e-mail with a 
subject referring to a decision of the Security Counsel of Ukraine.  
Google's TAG has observed a continuously growing number o f threat actors using the war in Ukraine as a lure in 
phishing and malware campaigns. One of the campaigns involved COLDRIVER, an allegedly Russian based threat 
actor sometimes referred to as Callisto, which used credential phishing e-mails to target gover nment and defence 
officials, politicians, NGOs , think tanks and journalists398. COLDRIVER was previously also witnessed targeting the 
military of multiple Eastern European countries, as well as a NATO Centre of Excellence399.  
Based on this research from TAG, Sekoia400 revealed a phishing based reconnaissance  campaign  in Europe by the 
threat actor Turla401 (also referred to as Snake or Venomous Bear). In this campaign the threat actor targeted the 
Baltic Defen ce College’s website as well as the Austrian Federal Eco nomic Chamber.  
Considering the type of horrific events we already witnessed, it is very  likely that we will continue to see similar  
Ukraine war themed social engineering  attacks (and very  likely amongst other types of cyberattacks), targeting 
European gove rnments, civilians and organisations.   
5.1.4  Phishing from known accounts  
The us e of multi -factor authentication (MFA) has reduced the opportunities for attackers to use compromised 
accounts as a pivot point for starting social engineering campaigns. So instead of targeting individual mailboxes, we 
have witnessed attackers shifting to abuse legitimate infrastructure  to execute their operations.  
An example of such a shift in tactics is where attackers register trial tenants for services at Office 365 which make 
their e-mail appear much more legitimate402. Other ways include compromising a Microsoft Exchange server via 
ProxyShell or ProxyLogin and then distributing phishing e-mails to internal and external user accounts403 404. To 
further deceive potential victims, attack ers also hijack mail conversations and in some cases modified the typeface 
and language of the reply messages for each attack to increase the chances of success.  
It is likely that we will see further use of known (and sometimes 'trusted') accounts or legitimate infrastructure to 
execute phishing campaigns, either by exploiting vulnerabilities in systems such as Microsoft Exchange or by making 
use of exploit ation  efforts by other threat actors.  
The technique of hijacking mail conversations is also seen frequently in BEC attacks.  
5.1.5  Business e -mail compromise  
According to the Internet Crime Report405, Business E -mail Compromise or BEC is one of the most financially 
impactful type s of cybercrime.  
                                                           
397 Asylum Ambuscade: State Actor Uses Compromised Private Ukrainian Military Emails to Target European Governments and Refugee M ovement 
https://www.proofpoint.com/us/blog/threat -insight/asylum -ambuscade -state -actor -uses -compromised -private -ukrainian -military -emails   
398 Update on cyber activity in Eastern Europe https://blog.google/threat -analysis -group/update -on-cyber -activity -in-eastern -europe/   
399 Tracking cyber activity in Eastern Europe https://blog.google/threat -analysis -group/tracking -cyber -activity -eastern -europe/   
400 TURLA’s new phishing -based reconnaissance campaign in Eastern Europe https://blog.sekoia.io/turla -new-phishing -campaign -eastern -europe/   
401 Turla: https://apt.etda.or.th/cg i-bin/showcard.cgi?g=Turla%2C%20Waterbug%2C%20Venomous%20Bear   
402 Microsoft Digital Defense Report https://query.prod.cms.rt.microsoft.com/cms/api/am/binary/RWMFIi  
403 Threat Analysis Report: DatopLoader Exploits ProxyShell to Deliver QBOT and Cobalt Strike https://www.cyberea son.com/blog/research/threat -
analysis -report -datoploader -exploits -proxyshell -to-deliver -qbot-and-cobalt -strike   
404 Squirrelwaffle Exploits ProxyShell and ProxyLogon to Hijack Email Chains https://www.trendmicro.com/en_us/research/21/k/Squirrelwaffle -Exploits -
ProxyShell -and-ProxyLogon -to-Hijack -Email -Chains.html   
405 Crime type by victim loss in FBI IC3 report https://www.ic3.gov/Media/PDF/AnnualReport/2021_IC3Report.pdf  
 Please use footnotes for providing additional or explanatory information and/or relevant links. References should be listed 
in a dedicated section. Use only the function References/Insert Footnote  ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
59 
 One of the reasons for the 'popularity ' of BECs is that instead of having to go through all the trouble of multi -stage 
attacks and finding their way in an unknown environment, attackers can just 'ask' to execute a financial transaction 
(or a variant depending on their objectives).  
While a BEC attack can be seen as phishing, it does not rely as much on malware or malicious links as on abusing 
trust, impersonation and other social engineering techniques.  
Compared to previous years, the median transaction size for business e-mail compromise attack s further 
increased406 substantially. According to the DBIR407 only 41% of BECs involved phishing and about 25% involved the 
use of stolen credentials against the victim organisation.  
Despite the efforts of law enforcement agencies to combat BEC attacks, such as the arrest408 by Interpol as part of 
Operation Delilah, these type of attacks remain very lucrative for criminals. Considering this financial aspect, it 
remains very likely that we will continue to see an increase in the financial impact of BECs . 
5.1.6  Maliciou s quick response (QR) codes  
In January 2022 the FBI issued a warning409 concerning  criminals using QR codes  to redirect victims to malicious 
sites that steal login and financial information. A similar effort was observed by the Phishing Defence Centr e where 
threat actors used malicious QR codes to target users of German banking410. It is important to realise is that these 
type of scams can happen both in the digital space as well as in the physical realm411. 
It is likely that the trend of abusing QR codes for phi shing will further continue, especially considering the wide 
adaptation of QR codes in everyday life.  
5.1.7  Consent phishing  
Both Microsoft412 and Mandiant413 report on cases where attackers use consent phishing to send users links that, if 
clicked, will grant the a ttacker access and permissions to applications and services .  
Threat actors create and register malicious applications in , for example , Azure to attempt to gain persistent access to 
data and applications such as Exchange Online. Once a non -privileged user has approved consent, they collect the 
access token and then have account -level access to the victim's data without the need for the user’s credentials.  
Because of the technical requirements and investments in resources (after all, developing an 'app' requires more 
effort than subscribing to a PhaaS) and considering that there are still far easier approaches for obtaining a social 
engineering objective , this type of attack might not be the first choice for many  threat groups. But considering the 
potenti al impact and also the lower chance of being detected, either because of a lack of visibility or of knowledge by 
most organisations, it is likely we'll see an increase of consent phishing attacks.  
5.1.8  Automation  
Threat actors employing social engineering attac ks are further automating their operations414. We do not have an 
immediate expect ation  that artificial intelligence will be  driving phishing e-mails but with increased automation there 
are worrying evolutions on the horizon415.  
                                                           
406 FBI IC3 report https://www.ic3.gov/Media/PDF/Ann ualReport/2021_IC3Report.pdf  
407 Verizon DBIR https://www.verizon.com/business/resources/reports/dbir/  
408 Operation Delilah: Unit 42 Helps INTERPOL Identify Nigerian Business Email Compr omise Actor https://unit42.paloaltonetworks.com/operation -
delilah -business -email -compromise -actor/   
409 FBI Cybercriminals Tampering with QR Codes to Steal  Victim Funds https://www.ic3.gov/Media/Y2022/PSA220118   
410 German Users Targeted in Digital Bank -Heist Phishing Campaigns https://cofense.com/blog/german -users -targeted -in-digital -bank -heist -phishing -
campaigns/   
411 Hidden Scams in Malicious Scans: How to Use QR Codes Safely https://www.trendmicro.com/vinfo/us/security/news/cybercrime -and-digital -
threats/hidden -scams -in-malicious -scans -how-to-use-qr-codes -safely   
412 Microsoft Digital Defense Report  https://query.prod.cms.rt.microsoft.com/cms/api/am/binary/RWMFIi  
413 Mandiant M -TRENDS 2022 https://www.mandiant.com/resources/m -trends -2022  
414 Microsoft Digital Defense Report https://query.prod.cms.rt.microsoft.com/cms/api/am/binary/RWMFIi  
415 Acronis Cyberthreats Rep ort 2022 https://dl.acronis.com/u/rc/White -Paper -Acronis -Cyber -Threats -Report -2022 -EN-US.pdf   
 Please use footnotes for providing additional or explanatory information and/or relevant links. References should be listed 
in a dedicated section. Use only the function References/Insert Footnote  ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
60 
 Threat actors will likely emplo y increased customised, individualised  and personalised  attacks with victim information 
pulled  directly  from published data breaches and , in some cases , combining information from multiple data dumps. 
Furthermore , complementing this data with open source i nformation such as social media profiles, company and 
personal websites as well as published documents will provide new opportunities for miscreants416 and is something 
we will likely observe in the near future.  
5.1.9  Smishing via FluBot  
A mobile banking malware t hat's been heavily observed is FluBot. It targets users of Android devices in most of 
Europe and is spread via SMS and MMS. Victims first receive an SMS message (called smishing or SMS phishing) 
that impersonates parcel delivery companies, voicemail memos or fake software. The message contains a link that 
points to a website, instructing the victim to install an app. Once the app is installed , the requested permissions  are 
granted  or, sometimes,  security features  are disabled . FluBot spreads through self -propagation by sending phishing 
text messages from the infected device to its contact list. It will also share this contact list with the campaign 
operators but , most problematic for the victims, it also collects credit card numbers and online banking creden tials, 
intercept s SMS messages (such as one -time passwords) and captures screenshots417 418 419 420 421. 
And although FluBot does  not run on Apple devices (iOS), iPhone users are not safe either. If users follow the links in 
the SMS messages, they are redirected to more 'traditional' phishing sites and subscription scams.  
In June 2022 an international law enforcement operation422 resulted in the takedown of FluBot. Although there are no 
immediate signs that this exact mobile malware strain will resurface, considering t he financial gain, the large available 
target base  and the relative ease of infection  and propagation  it is very  likely we will see other criminal groups filling in 
the void in the mobile malware landscape.  
5.1.10  Increase of attacks on crypto exchanges and cryptocurrencies 
owners  
Cryptocurrencies have always been a preferred choice of payment for cyber criminals. But as these cryptocurrencies 
become more and more popular, criminals also turned their attention directly into targeting crypto exchanges and 
cryptocurrencies owners. This was already demonstrated early in 2021 with the attacks on the users of Coinbase , 
and most likely we can expect more similar attacks in 2022423. 
Another related area that is offering opportunities for social engineering attacks by c riminals is the non -fungible 
tokens (NFT) market. The methods used are no different than those used for 'traditional ' markets, including fake 
profiles on social media, social media account hijacking, counterfeit material (fake mints), phishing fraud and 
impersonation attacks424. 
As cryptocurrencies and derivates gain in popularity, social engineering attacks against these phenomena  will likely 
follow and occur more frequently.  
5.1.11  Vishing using the safe account scams  
According to Europol425 the safe account scam is  an emerging modus operandi in vishing. In such a scam attackers 
convince victims into transferring funds to a 'safe account' by telling them their bank account has been  compromised . 
To make the story more convincing, they often pose as a police officer or  an employee of their financial institution. 
                                                           
416 The Coming AI Hackers https://www.belfercenter.org/publication/coming -ai-hackers   
417 FluBot NCSC -FI https://www.kyberturvallisuuskeskus.fi/en/varoitus_1/2022   
418 FluBot Safeonweb.be https://www.safeonweb.be/nl/actueel/opgepast -voor-het-gevaarlijke -flubot -virus -klik-niet-op-verdachte -smsjes   
419 Europo l IOCTA 2021 https://www.europol.europa.eu/publications -events/main -reports/internet -organised -crime -threat -assessment -iocta-2021  
420 FluBot malware now targets Europe posing as Flash Player app https://www.bleepingcomputer.com/news/security/flubot -malware -now-targets -
europe -posing -as-flash -player -app/  
421 New FluBot Campaign Sweeps through Europe Targeting Android and iOS Users Alike https://www.bitdefender.com/blog/labs/new -flubot -
campaign -sweeps -through -europe -targeting -android -and-ios-users -alike  
422 Europol Takedown of SMS -based FluBot spyware infecting Android phones https://www.europol.europa.eu/media -press/newsroom/news /takedown -
of-sms-based -flubot -spyware -infecting -android -phones   
423 Acronis Cyberthreats Report 2022 https://dl.acronis.com/u/rc/White -Paper -Acronis -Cyber -Threats -Report -2022 -EN-US.pdf   
424 Common NFT scams and how to avoid them https://www.welivesecurity.com/2022/05/ 23/common -nft-scams -how-avoid -them/   
425 Europol IOCTA 2021 https://www.europol.europa.eu/publications -events/main -reports/in ternet -organised -crime -threat -assessment -iocta -2021  
 Please use footnotes for providing additional or explanatory information and/or relevant links. References should be listed 
in a dedicated section. Use only the function References/Insert Footnote  ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
61 
 Unfortunately this so called safe account is under the control of fraudsters and after the money transfers have been 
completed victims  find that they  have  lost their life’s savings in the space of a few minutes.  
The volume of vishing cases has also increased substantially, according426 to Agari and PhishLabs , no less than 550 
per cent over the last twelve months (Q1 2022 compared to Q1 2021). It is very  likely we will continue to witness this 
trend in the near future.  
5.1.12  Long running social engineering attacks  
Earlier we covered the case of The Dukes as an APT relying on social engineering as a prime technique for their 
operations. But they are not the only one.  
Iranian threat groups such as APT34427 (OilRig or TA45 2), APT35428 (Charming Kitten or TA453) or TA456429 
(Imperial Kitten or Tortoiseshell) employ long running social engineering campaigns for cyber espionage and 
information operations. In the Operation SpoofedScholars430, revealed in July 2021, the threat group T A453431 
masqueraded as  UK scholars  with the University of London’s  School of Oriental and African Studies (SOAS). They 
targeted senior think tank personnel, journalists focused on Middle Eastern affairs  as well as professors with very 
targeted fake invitatio ns to conferences . These invitations eventually led to credential stealing websites.  
Whereas this group used the professional background of their identified targets to build a story, other campaigns 
such as those run by Curium432 (TA456433) focus  on romantic engagements. Their playbook typically consists of 
masquerading as an attractive woman on social media, establishing connections via both corporate and personal 
platforms (to increase the bond of trust), sharing malicious documents and then convincing the t arget to open the 
document with the goal of exfiltrating sensitive  information.  
Considering the success of previous campaigns it is very  likely that we will continue to see similar social engineering 
tradecraft, persistency and determination being used by threat actors coming from the Iranian region.  
  
                                                           
426 Quarterly Threats Trends & Intelligence https://info.phishlabs.com/quarterly -threat -trends -and-intelligence -may-2022   
427 APT34: https://apt.etda.or.th/cgi -bin/showcard.cgi?g=OilRig%2C%20APT%2034%2C%20Helix%20Kitten%2C%20Chrysene   
428 APT35: https://apt.etda.or.th/cgi -bin/showcard.cgi?g=Magic%20Hound%2C%20APT%2035%2C%20Cobalt%20Gypsy%2C%20Charming%20Kitten   
429 Tortoiseshell : https://apt.etda.or.th/cgi -bin/showcard.cgi?g=Tortoiseshell%2C%20Imperial%20Kitten   
430 Operation SpoofedScholars: A Conversation with TA453 https://www.proofpoint.com/us/blog/threat -insight/operation -spoofedscholars -conversation -
ta453   
431 The operation was documented by Proofpoint, hence we use the th reat actor naming convention of Proofpoint as the first reference  
432 Evolving trends in Iranian threat actor activity – MSTIC presentation at CyberWarCon 2021 
https://www.microsoft.com/security/blog/2021/11/16/evolving -trends -in-iranian -threat -actor -activity -mstic -presentation -at-cyberwarcon -2021/   
433 I Knew You Were Trouble: TA456 Targets Defense Contract or with Alluring Social Media Persona https://www.proofpoint.com/us/blog/threat -
insight/i -knew -you-were -trouble -ta456 -targets -defense -contractor -alluring -social -media   ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
62 
  
ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
63 
 6. THREATS AGAINST DATA  
Today, we live in an interconnected society where cloud, edge and IoT technologies and applications produce huge 
amount s of data every second. These data are fundamental for all enterprises that want to compete in the global 
market and must be properly managed and analysed. Better management and analysis, in fact, leads to faster 
processes, better customer management, and l ower overhead  costs. On top of this, Machine Learning (ML) and 
Artificial Intelligence (AI) are increasingly being adopted and are boosting the migration from traditional software 
systems based on deterministic algorithms to systems where ML or AI models use reason on data to calculate a 
solution for individual instances of a problem. This migration poses a new wave of risks that push towards the 'AI 
Act',434 a proposed European law on artificial intelligence (AI) – the first law on AI by a major regulator an ywhere.   
The central role assumed by data as the enabler of a data -driven economy make s data a major target for 
cybercriminals. Threats against data  form a collection of threats that target data sources with the aim of gaining 
unauthorised access and discl osure, as well as the manipulati on of data to interfere with system behavio ur. These 
threats are also at the basis of many of the existing threats, also discussed in this report . For instance, ransom ware, 
RDoS, DDoS aim to deny access to data and possibly collect a payment to restore this access. Disinformation and 
misinformation build on data manipulation. Phishing, also in its novel implementation based on deepfakes, builds on 
data manipulation.  
A data breach  is defined in the GDPR435 as any breach of security leading to the accidental or unlawful destruction, 
loss, alteration or unauthorised disclosure of or access to personal data transmitted, stored or otherwise processed  
(article  4.12 GDPR). Techni cally speaking, threats against data can be mainly classified in data breach and data leak. 
Though often used as interchangeabl e concepts, they entail fundamentally different concepts that mostly lie in how 
they happen436 437. 
Data breach  is an intentional att ack brought by a cybercriminal with the goal of gaining unauthori sed access and the 
release of sensitive, confidential or protected data.  In other words, a data breach is a deliberate and forceful attack 
against a system or organi sation with the intention of steal ing data.  
Data leak  is an event that can cause the unintentional release of sensitive, confidential or protected data  due to , for 
example, misconfigurations, vulnerabilities  or human errors . It does not include intentional attacks.   
In a nutshell, data breaches can occur as a result of a cyberattack  while  data leaks consist of unintentional loss or 
exposure of data. Data breaches are the most long -lived threat to data. However, the exponential growth of 
connected systems and the digital transformati on have increased the relevance of data leaks due to the increasing 
expansion of the attack surface as well as the increasing involvement of users in the working s of software systems438. 
In addition to data leak and data breach, the increasing adoption of ML  or AI models at the core of novel distributed 
systems and decision -making put data manipulation  under the spotlight. Data poisoning  and adversarial attacks 
become widespread with the aim o f undermin ing trust in IT and production systems and , more general ly, in society as 
a whole . On one side, data manipulation attacks target modern systems affecting the accuracy of their results; on the 
other side, data manipulation attacks target people disseminating disinformation (see chapter 9). 
Threats against data co nsistently rank high among the leading threats of the ETL and this trend continue d in the 
reporting period of the ETL 2022. Adversaries explore a series of new techniques and exploit the increasing online 
                                                           
434 https://artificialintelligenceact.eu/   
435 https://eur -lex.europa.eu/legal -content/EN/TXT/PDF/?uri=CELEX:02016R0679 -20160504&from=EN   
436 https://blog.f -secure.com/data -breach -and-data-leak-whats -the-difference/   
437 https://www.upguard.com/blo g/data -breach -vs-data-leak#:~:text=Simply%20put%2C%20a%20data%20leak,Apps%20data%20leak%20in%202021   
438 https ://www.upguard.com/blog/data -breach -vs-data-leak#:~:text=Simply%20put%2C%20a%20data%20leak,Apps%20data%20leak%20in%202021   
 Please use footnotes for providing additional or explanatory information and/or relevant links. References should be listed 
in a dedicated section. Use only the function References/Insert Footnote  ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
64 
 presence and use of online services by the general public. Data exfiltration (aka data theft) is used by malicious 
actors to target, copy and transfer sensitive data. A particular case of the use of exfiltrated data is identity theft, where  
malicious actors use personal identifiable information (PII) to im personate a user. Moreover, given the significance of 
data and in particular of private and sensitive data, adversaries are combining more sophisticated threats to target 
data, such as ransomware or supply chain attacks, as well as distributed denial of se rvices (DDoS) and 
disinformation. It is noteworthy that in the ENISA threat landscape for supply chain  attacks report439 in 2021, for about 
58% of the supply chain incidents analysed, the customer assets targeted were predominantly customer data, 
including p ersonally identifiable information (PII) data and intellectual property.  
 
6.1 TRENDS  
The d ata never sleep infographic, version 9.0, shows that the increase in data collection , sharing and analysis  
brought by the pandemic did not decrease in 2021440. These trends  are all increasing . According to Statista the entire 
world produced and consumed a total of 79 zettabytes and this is predicted to grow to over 180 zettabytes by 2025.  
The Verizon data breach investigation report (DBIR) presents a detailed overview of data breaches (in its wider term 
including data leak s) in 2021441. Verizon observes that around 80% of total data compromises comes from outside 
the target organi sation, while around 20% comes from inside. The motivation is still mainly financial gain (around 
90%) and , second by far , espionage (less than 10%). Web applications, e-mails, and carelessness (e.g. errors  and 
misconfiguration s) are among the main data breach vectors, coupled with the use of stolen credentials, ransomware 
and phishing as the t ypes of action forming  the basis of breach es. This again shows the importance of human 
involvement when a data breach is executed, as well as the central role of the Internet. In fact, 82% of data breaches 
involve a human element; this can be easily explai ned by considering that both social engineering and miscellaneous 
errors (misdelivery and misconfiguration) are among the main attack patterns, third and fourth  respectively, only 
outperformed by system intrusion (which also involves social attacks) and ba sic web application attacks. According to 
the ITRC, e -mail and weak cloud configurations are also among the most important human errors442. 
Despite the importance of humans in data breaches, it is important to note that the exploit ation of vulnerabilities as  
the causes of of data breach es has doubled , reaching 7% of breaches this year.  
Threats and actions causing a data breach mainly involved hacking (~50%), malware (~40%), social (~20%) and 
error (13%)443. Servers were the most important assets targeted by an  attack (almost 90%), followed by person s (less 
than 30%) and user dev (less than 20%). Web application s and mail servers are in the first two spots in terms of  the 
importance of  server asset s, with database servers reaching the fifth place; desktop or lap top (third place) and 
finance ( sixth place) are the most important for user dev and person s, respectively.  
The DBIR also shows how credentials and personal data are the top two types of data an attacker wants to collect 
maliciously444 445. Credentials are critically important for an attacker to cover up his or her activities, while personal 
data are useful for financial fraud and resale. Payment data observed a continuous decline with less than a 10% 
share in 2021.  
Similarly to 2020, consi dering data breaches, the industry sectors suffering the most from internal errors are finance 
and insurance, healthcare, public administration and professional. In the financial sector, financially motivated 
organi sed crime uses social actions (phishing),  hacking ( use of stolen credentials) and malware ( ransomware) to 
target a victim. Servers are involved in 90% of data breach es, with an increase to 51% of web applications. Basic 
web application attacks, system intrusion and miscellaneous errors represent 79% of breaches. In the healthcare 
sector, basic web application attacks, miscellaneous errors and system intrusion s represent 76% of breaches, with 
internal threat actor s still prominent (39%). In the information sector, system intrusion s, basic web application attacks 
                                                           
439 https://www .enisa.europa.eu/news/enisa -news/understanding -the-increase -in-supply -chain -security -attacks         
440 https://www.domo.com/learn/infographic/data -never -sleeps -9  
441 https://www.verizon.com/business/resources/reports/2022/dbir/2022 -data-breach -investigations -report -dbir.pdf   
442 2022 ITRC Annual Data  Breach Report  
443 https://www.verizon.com/business/resources/reports/2022/dbir/2022 -data-breach -investigations -report -dbir.pdf   
444 https://www.verizon.com/business/resources/reports/2022/dbir/2022 -data-breach -investigations -report -dbir.pdf   
445 2022 ITRC Annual Dat a Breach Report  ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
65 
 and miscellaneous errors represent 81% of breaches. In  the public administration sector, personal data and 
credentials account for 46% and 34% of compromised data, respectively.  
Concerning the geographical spread, DBIR observed i) a high  number of social and hacking related attacks in APAC, 
with a much lower number of ransomware cases; ii) an increase of social engineering in EMEA with credential theft 
the largest problem; iii) the system intrusion pattern becoming the most important patt ern in NA, with social 
engineering retaining an important role; iv) ransomware and denial -of-service attacks accounting for 37% and 27% of 
incidents, respectively, in LAC.  
6.1.1  Attack vectors, assets and motivations remain similar to 2021  
During the reporting p eriod, trends related to attack vectors, assets and motivations remained similar to 2021446.  
Regarding attack vectors, and in particular the type s of action used as the basis of a breach, the use of stolen 
credentials, ransomware and phishing are still in t he top five. With respect to 2021, the use of stolen credentials took  
the lead (around 40%), with ransomware showing a substantial increase of 13% to reach 25% in total, and phishing 
showing a decrease of around 20% in total. The importance of ransomware  and phishing was also observed in the 
USA447. 
Server, person and user dev ices remain in the first three spots of the main target ed assets, with the same ordering 
and similar shares. Same discussion holds for the type s of assets, where web applications, mail , and desktop or 
laptop remain at the first three spots in the ranking s. 
As in past years, financial gain  continue s to be the most common  motivation. Financially motivated attacks have  
increased to almost 90% of cyberattacks, such as stealing money directl y from financial accounts, stealing credit card 
information or other types of data that can be monetised or demanding ransom. Espionage  as a motivation a ccount s 
for around 10% of cyberattacks448.  
6.1.2  Data compromise increasing year over  year 
The central role of  data in our society produced a sharp increase in the amount of data collected and in the 
importance of proper data analysis. The price we pay for such importance is a continuous and unstoppable increase 
in data compromises.  
According to Eva Velasquez, Pr esident and CEO of the Identity Theft Resource Centre  (ITRC), In 2021, there were  
more data compromises reported in the United States of America than in any year since the first state data breach 
notice law became effective in 2003 , while, at the same time , less than 5 per  cent take the most effective protective 
action after receiving a data breach notice449. 
The number of data compromises increased by 68% over 2020, and 23% over the previous record450. This surge in 
compromises is independent of sector, showing an increase in every primary sector but one – the Military.  
6.1.3  Identity theft and synthetic identity  
Due to the increase in data breaches, personal and sensitive data has been easily accessible to malicious actors via 
online forums and the d ark web. This has had a cascading effect on identity theft. According to the US Federal Trade 
Commission (FTC), 1.4 million reports of identity theft have been received in 2021 and the most targeted victims are 
between 30 and 39 years old451. According to Mc Afee452, credit card fraud is the most common type of identity theft.  
                                                           
446 https://www.verizon.com/business/resources/reports/2022/dbir/2022 -data-breach -investigations -report -dbir.pdf   
447 2022 ITRC Annual Data Breach Report  
448 https://www.verizon.com/business/resources/reports/2022/dbir/2022 -data-breach -investigations -report -dbir.pdf   
449 2022 ITRC Annual Data Breach Report  
450 2022 ITRC Annual Data Breach Report  
451 https://www.ftc.gov/system/files/ftc_gov/pdf/C SN%20Annual%20Data%20Book%202021%20Final%20PDF.pdf   
452 https://www.mcafee.com/blogs/tips -tricks/a -guide -to-identity -theft-statistics -for-
2022/#:~:text=An%20estimated%2015%20million%20Americans,Fraud%20Study%3A%20The%20Virtual%20Battlegroun )  
 Please use footnotes for providing additional or explanatory information and/or relevant links. References should be listed 
in a dedicated section. Use only the function References/Insert Footnote  ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
66 
 According to ETL 2021453, a lot of incidents could have involved synthetic identities. Synthetic identity theft is a type of 
fraud in which criminals combine real and fake information to cr eate a new identity. Incidents with synthetic identities 
tend to be more common in the United States because of static personally identifiable information, which is used to 
verify someone’s identity, according to the Federal Reserve454. Synthetic identity fr aud still increased over 2021, while 
FiVerity estimated th at losses grew to $20 billion455. 
6.1.4   Actors privilege highly rewarding data 
The Identity Theft Resource Centre also reported in its 2022 Annual Data Breach Report that the motivation of 
cybercriminals has shifted and instead of targeting consumers in order to steal large amounts of personal information , 
they focus on specific data types. A typical example involves stolen credentials.  
This results in a decrease by 5% of the number of victims, though the total number  of victims remains  impressively 
high.  
6.1.5  Ransom ware  
As already discussed in chapter 3, ransomware -related data breaches are increasingly gaining importance and it was 
one of the first three root causes of compromise during  the last year456 457. Ranso mware is also increasingly used in 
combined attacks that target the CIA triad of systems and corresponding data. For instance, Ransom  Denial of 
Service (RDoS) is the new frontier of denial of service attacks. RDoS aims to identify vulnerable systems that b ecome 
the target of the attack and put in place different activities that result in a final request to pay a ransom . EUROPOL 
reported in its IOCTA 2021458 the comeback of DDoS attacks followed by ransom demands, with an increase in high -
volume attacks compar ed to the previous year. We recall that, according to Cloudf lare, in Q4 2021, ransom DDoS 
attacks increased by 29% year -over-year and 175% quarter -on-quarter459. 
6.1.6  Data poisoning and manipulation  
The EU H2020 project CONCORDIA identified data poisoning as one of the major threats in the data domain460. 
Trustworthy data are in fact a prerequisite for implementing safe autonomic and adaptive systems built on data. In 
particular, the central role of collected data and corresponding inferences on the behaviour  of mod ern systems 
increases the risk introduced by data poisoning and manipulation. The latter then become fundamental threats to 
data-driven systems, where data integrity is not the only property to protect and guarantee, but also data provenance, 
non-repudiati on, and accountability should be supported.  
In this context, Ransom ware attacks ( see chapter 3 ) as well as deepfake s (see chapter 9 ) are spreading and target 
the integrity and availability of data, introducing substantial risks to decisions built entirely on unverified data. For 
instance, a deepfake voice call resulted in a fraudulent bank transfer of nearly $35 million461. 
6.1.7  Data extraction from ML models  
Machine Learning (ML) models are at the core of modern distributed systems and are increasingly becoming the 
target of attacks462. 
A direct consequence of data poisoning and manipulation is a decrease in the accuracy of machine learning models. 
On one side, according to EU H2020 project CONCORDIA in its deliverable D4.1,463 machine learning models can be 
attacked  by poisoning data used for the training of the model. The resulting model will then learn a behaviour  different 
from the real and correct behaviour  of the target system, forcing the system to take wrong decisions. On the other 
                                                           
453 https://www.enisa.europa.eu/publications/enisa -threat -landscape -2021   
454 https://fedpaymentsimprovement.org/wp -content/uploads/frs -synthetic -identity -payments -fraud -white -paper -july-2019.pdf   
455 https://www.fiverity.com/r esources/fiverity -introduces -2021 -synthetic -identity -fraud -report2   
456 2022 ITRC Annual Data Breach Report  
457 https://www.verizon.com /business/resources/reports/2022/dbir/2022 -data-breach -investigations -report -dbir.pdf   
458 https://www.europol.europa.eu /cms/sites/default/files/documents/internet_organised_crime_threat_assessment_iocta_2021.pdf   
459 https://blog.cloudflare.com/ddos -attack -trends -for-2021 -q4/  
460 https://www.concordia -h2020.eu/wp -content/uploads/2020/06/D4.1_Ready_for_Submission_D4.1 -final_revised.pdf   
461 https://www.forbes.com/sites/thomasbrewster/2021/10/14/huge -bank -fraud -uses -deep -fake-voice -tech-to-steal -millions/   
462 Deliverable D4.3, EU H2020 project CONCORDIA, https://www.concordia -h2020.eu/wp -content/uploads/2022/07/CONCORDIA -D4.3.pdf   
463 https://www.concordia -h2020.eu/wp -content/uploads/2020/06/D4.1_Ready_for_Submission_D4.1 -final_revised.pdf   
 Please use footnotes for providing additional or explanatory information and/or relevant links. References should be listed 
in a dedicated section. Use only the function References/Insert Footnote  ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
67 
 side, machine learning model s can be the target of adversarial attacks that aim to confuse ML models with malicious 
data points crafted at inference time. These attacks are growing and represent a major threat in ML  or AI domains464. 
In addition, model stealing or extraction aims to re construct a black -box model or extract data from it465. In this 
context, membership inference attacks aim to recover the training set from a deployed ML model. A seminal work in 
2017 allowed the presence of a specific data point to be inferred in the trainin g set based on model predictions 
only466. This attack was later executed on large models,467 introducing major privacy and economic risks.  
6.1.8  Additional trends  
• The number of data breaches without root causes is increasing, making  'unknown ' root cause  the largest 
attack vector in Q1 2022468. This number  has increased by 190% since 2020 in the USA,469 a 40% increase 
overall470. 
• Cybercriminals target specific data types rather than mass data acquisition, causing a decrease in the 
number of victims ( -5% in 2021). However , the number of consumers with data that was compromised 
multiple times remains very high471. 
• According to IBM, 2021 had the highest average cost of USD 4.24 million, with the additional impact brought 
about by remote working and cloud migration472. Compromised credentials were  the most important vector 
of data breach.  
• Security AI produced the biggest cost mitigating effect473. 
• As discussed in chapter 3, ransomware has changed the shape of data breaches and is asking enterprises 
to modify their respons es474. 
• Cloud migration continuously increased in the last few years  and is now moving to multi -cloud strategies, but 
data management and protection are still lagging475. According to Thales: there is a lack of maturity in cloud 
data security with limited use o f encryption, perceived or experienced multi -cloud complexity and  a rapid 
growth of enterprise data.  
• According to Thales, there is a clear correlation between investment in compliance and resilience against 
data breaches, meaning that improve d compliance l eads to better security outcomes476. 
• According to Tenable Research, data breaches continue their sharp increase with over 2.5 times more 
breaches reported in 2021 than in 2020. This increase comes with a 78% increase in the number of 
records exposed477. The amount of data stolen is said to reach over 260 terabytes with over 1.8 billion 
files, documents or e -mails.  
  
                                                           
464 https://venturebeat.com/2021/05/29/adversarial -attacks -in-machine -learning -what -they-are-and-how-to-stop-them/   
465 https://venturebeat.com/2021/05/29/adversarial -attacks -in-machine -learning -what -they-are-and-how-to-stop-them/   
466 R. Shokri, M. Stronati, C. Song,  V. Shmatikov. 'Membership Inference Attacks Against Machine Learning Models ', in Proc. of IEEE S&P 2017, San 
Jose, CA, USA, May 2017.  
467 N. Carlini, F. Tramèr, E. Wallace, M. Jagielski, A. Herbert -Voss, K. Lee, A. Roberts, T. Brown, D. Song, Ú. Erlingsson,  A. Oprea, C. Raffel. 
'Extracting Training Data from Large Language Models ', in Proc. of USENIX 2021, Virtual, August 2021.  
468 https://www.idtheftcenter.org/post/dat a-breach -increase -14-percent -q1-2022/   
469 https://www.wsav.com/wp -content/uploads/sites/75/2022/01/20220124_ITRC -2021 -Data -Breach -Report.pdf   
470 https://www.idtheftcenter.org/post/data -breach -increase -14-percent -q1-2022/   
471 https://www.wsav.com/wp -content/uploads/sites/75/2022/01/20220124_ITRC -2021 -Data -Breach -Report.pdf   
472 Cost of a data breach report, IBM, https://www.ibm.com/security/d ata-breach   
473 Cost of a data breach report, IBM, https://www.ibm.com/security/data -breach   
474 2022 Thales Data Threat Report  
475 2022 Thales Data Threat Report  
476 https://mb.cision.com/Public/20506/3530950/b55a39d9e52a4074.pdf   
477 Tenable’s 2021 Threat Landscape Retrospective  ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
68 
  
ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
69 
 7. THREATS AGAINST 
AVAILABILITY : DENI AL OF SERVICE  
Availability is the target of a plethora of threats and attacks, among which Distributed D enial of Service (DDoS) 
stands out.  
Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS)  targets system and data availability and, though it is not a new threat (it 
celebrated its 20th anniversary in 2019), it has a significant role in the cybersecurity threat landscape478 479. Attacks 
occur when users of a system or service are not able to access relevant data, services or other resources. This can 
be accomplished by exhausting the service and its resources or overloading the component of the network 
infrastructure480.  
DDoS attacks can be built on a web -based attack  (see chapter 8) , which are often distributed through web 
applications, and use cloud as a primary threat vector. For instance, web -based attacks can be adopted to build a 
botnet on the cloud that is then used to c arry out a denial of service attack aimed at making a system unavailable481.  
While defence mechanisms and strategies are becoming more robust, malicious actors are also advancing their 
technical skills , better adapting to the new norm introduced by COVID -19. In this context, Ransom Denial of Service 
(RDoS) mixes the dangers of a traditional DDoS, while substantially reducing the need f or resources to carry out an 
attack. Groups of cybercriminals (e.g. Fancy Bear, Cozy Bear, Lazarus Group and the Armada Colle ctive carrying out 
these campaigns) analyse target businesses to find those with weak and vulnerable systems. They then threaten 
these businesses by sending an extortion letter asking for a ransom  to not attack the system482 483. The simplicity of 
RDoS attacks  is at the basis of their adoption. Thanks to Cybercrime as  a Service (CaaS) tools, launching a RDoS 
attack is  becoming  increasingly simpler while it is still difficult to spot its origin. Spreading a malware or ransomware 
instead requires an important eff ort in terms of time and planning484. 
During this reporting period, we again observed a large number of incidents involving Denial of Service . We saw a 
rise in July 2022 , a month that featured many  DoS attacks . These  peeked with the largest ever recorded attack 
launched against a European customer on the Prolexic platform485, using globally distributed attack traffic that 
reached its pinnacle at 853.7 Gbps and 659.6 Mb ps over 14  hours .  
 
 
 
 
 
                                                           
478 Federal Office for Information Security (BSI), The State of IT Sec in Germany, September 2020  
479 Europol, Internet Organised Crime Threat Assessment (IOCTA) 2020 , https://www.europol.euro pa.eu/activities -services/main -reports/internet -
organised -crime -threat -assessment -iocta -2020   
480 CISA, Understanding Denial -of-Service Attacks, November 2019. https://www.uscert.gov/ncas/tips/ST04 -015  
481 ENISA Threat Landscape 2021 https://www.enisa.europa.eu/publications/enisa -threat -landscape -2021   
482 Sergiu Gatlan, 'FBI: Thousands of orgs targeted by RDoS extortion campaign ' September 2020, 
https://www.bleepingcomputer.com/news/security/fbi -thousands -of-orgs-targeted -by-rdos-extortion -campaign/   
483 CloudBric, DDoS Extortion Campaigns (Ransom DDoS, or RDoS) To Watch Out For, https://www.cloudbric.com/blog/2020/11/ddos -rdos-extortion -
ransomware -campaign/   
484 Neustar Security, Cyber Threats & Trends: Securing Your Network Pandemic -Style, 2020, 
https://www.cdn.neustar/resources/whitepapers/securit y/neustar -cyber -threats -trends -2020 -report.pdf   
485 https://www.akamai.com/blog/security/largest -european -ddos -attack -ever  ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
70 
 Figure 15: Time  series  of major Incidents observed by ENISA (July 2021 -June 2022)
  
 
7.1 TRENDS  
DDoS is one of the most critical threats to IT systems, targeting their availability by exhausting resources, causing 
decreased performance, loss of data  and service o utages486. DDoS recently moved to mobile and sensor -based 
scenarios, where  the availability of  devices and sensors is decreased by speeding up battery consumption. DDoS 
attacks have maintained a stable shape over the years, while some interesting points on their evolution may be 
noted.  
In 2021 -22, while the COVID -19 pandemic still had an important impact on DDoS, the Russia -Ukraine cyberwarfare 
monopol ised and influenced the shape of DDoS like never before. DDoS th reats are finally becom ing the fifth 
dimension of warfare, after battles in the air, sea, land and even space.487 The threats and levels of extortion 
exploded, moving DDoS towards being a state -sponsored attack. In this context, cloud computing is increasing ly 
being used as a threat vector for DDoS attacks on  the one side, and as a primary target of the attacks on the other 
side488.  
7.1.1  Attacks are getting larger and more complex  
The trend in the increasing dimension and complexity of DDoS attacks was also confirm ed this year.  According to 
NETSCOUT489 and its recent threat intelligence report : the reality is that attackers are constantly innovating and 
adapting new techniques, including the use of server -class botnets, DDoS -for-Hire services, and the increased use  of 
direct -path attacks that continually perpetuate the advancement of the threat landscape.  
According to F5Labs,490 the size of DDoS attacks increased remarkably over 2021 culminating in many attacks in the 
order of Tbps (with the largest identified by F5Lab s in November 2021  at around 1.4Tbps targeting an ISP/hosting 
                                                           
486 H2020 EU Project CONCORDIA, Deliverable D4.1 - 1st year report on cybersecurity threats, https://www.concordia -h2020.eu/wp -
content/uploads/2020/06/D4.1_Ready_for_Submission_D4.1 -final_revised.pdf   
487 Vova Kamenker, DDoS Threats: The Fifth Dimension of Warfare, September 2021, https://blog.mazebolt.com/ddos -
threats -the-fifth-dimension -of-warfare   
488 Tom Emmons. 2021: Volumetric DDoS Attacks Rising Fast, March 2021, https://blogs.akamai.com/2021/03/2021 -
volumetric -ddos -attacks -rising -fast.html   
489 https://www.netscout.com/threatreport   
490 David Warburton, 2022 Application Protection Report: DDoS Attack Trends, March 2022, https://www.f5.com/labs/articles/threat -intelligence/2022 -
application -protection -report -ddos -attack -trends  
ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
71 
 customer). By analysing the frequency of attacks by their size, though the majority of attacks were small, it emerges 
that attacks between 1 and 3 Gbps are preferred over smaller attacks. Similarl y, attacks between 10 and 30 Gbps are 
more popular than attacks between 6 and 10 Gbps. F5Labs also observed an increase in the number of application 
(+2.2%) and protocol (+4,7%) attacks, with a decrease in volumetric attacks ( -6.9%). This exemplifies the i ncreased 
complexity of the attacks; protocol and application attacks are in fact more challenging  to defend against , since they 
can appear as genuine application traffic. They contributed to the increase in the cardinality of attacks based on TCP, 
which is  mandatory for attack ing complex protocols and applications491.  
Multi -vectored attacks are prevalent492 and their frequency in the last year was greater than single -vectored 
attacks.493 The above  mentioned 1.4Tbps attack targeting an ISP/hosting customer in Nov ember 2021 was a 
combination of DNS reflection and HTTP GET  requests . 
Cloudfare recorded one of the largest HTTP attacks peaking at 17.2M rps (requests per second) and targeting a 
customer in the financial services industry494. It was based on the Meris botn et495 496 497. Cloudfare also observed , in 
November 2021 , the largest DDoS attack that peaked just below 2 Tbps. The attack was multi -vector combining DNS 
amplification attacks and UDP floods, and lasted one minute. It was based on a botnet running a variant of the 
original Mirai code on IoT devices and unpatched GitLab instances498. Similarly to F5Labs, Cloudfare observed  that 
while the majority of attacks was small , there were also  larger attacks. Terabit -strong attacks increased in the second 
half of 2021499. 
According to Neustar500, 2021 was the largest and most intense DDoS year, with the longest attacks.  
7.1.2  DDoS attacks are increasingly moving towards mobile networks and IoT  
As already discussed in ETL  2021: traditional DDoS is moving towards mobile networks and IoT. Sensors  and 
devices are in fact a suitable target of DDoS attacks due to their limited resources that often result in poor security 
protection. Devices are simpl e to corrupt, often coming with misconfigurations (e.g. weak passwords)501. At the same 
time, the increasing complexity of these mobile systems make users' shortage of security skills increasingly relevant.  
In this context, DDoS aims to threaten the availability of components, as well as to disrupt the operation of other 
networks or systems, but also have the potential to threaten the safety of users.  The increasing number of devices 
and applications connected to the cloud gives adversaries a larger playing field on which to target attacks.  
This trend was also confirmed in th e last reporting period whe n DDoS attacks were often launched from 
compromised servers or consumer devices, such as Internet -of-Thing (IoT) products and broadband routers502. This 
is often caused by delay s by smart device owners in updating and patching devic es503. For instance, the Mozi Botnet 
still uses vulnerabilities discovered eight  years ago and compromises unpatched devices building botnets with 
hundreds of thousands of bots. This was also confirmed by an experiment at the US National Institute of Standar ds 
and Technology (NIST), where NIST researchers observed that 'admin ' (username) and '1234 ' (password) was the 
most common combination used in attacks against IoT504. 
                                                           
491 Mitre Att&ck, Endpoint Denial of Service, https://at tack.mitre.org/techniques/T1499/   
492 https://azure.microsoft.com/en -us/blog/azure -ddos -protection -2021 -q3-and-q4-ddos -attack -trends/   
493 David Warburton, 2022 Application Protection Report: DDoS Attack Trends, March 2022, https://www.f5.com/labs/articles/threat -intelli gence/2022 -
application -protection -report -ddos -attack -trends  
494 https://blog.cloudflare.com/cloudflare -thwarts -17-2m-rps-ddos -attack -the-largest -ever-reported/   
495 https://blog.cloudflare.com/ddos -attack -trends -for-2021 -q3/  
496 https://portswigger.net/daily -swig/meris -botnet -leverages -http-pipelining -to-smash -ddos -attack -records   
497 Neustar, Cyber Threats & Trends Report: Defending Against A New Cybercrime Economy  
498 https://blog.cloudflare.com/cloudflare -blocks -an-almost -2-tbps-multi -vector -ddos -attack/   
499 https://blog.cloudflare.com/ddos -attack -trends -for-2021 -q4/  
500 Neustar, Cyber Threats & Trends Report: Defending Against A New Cybercrime Economy  
501 Europol, Internet Organised Crime Threat Assessment (IOCTA) 2020, https://www.europol.europa.eu/activities -services/main -reports/internet -
organised -crime -threat -assessment -iocta -2020   
502 David Warburton, 2022 Applicat ion Protection Report: DDoS Attack Trends, March 2022, https://www.f5.com/labs/articles/threat -intelligence/2022 -
application -protecti on-report -ddos -attack -trends  
503 ESET Threat Report, T2 2021  
504 ESET Threat Report, T3 2021  
 Please use footnotes for providing additional or explanatory information and/or relevant links. References should be listed 
in a dedicated section. Use only the function References/Insert Footnote  ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
72 
 TrendMicro also observed that escalated cyberattacks hav e compromised and hijacked smart d evices at the core of 
the attacks505. Attacks increasingly target smart cities as well as fleet s of connected cars possibly causing 
catastrophic events506. 
NETSCOUT observed that the increase in IoT botnets was accompanied by the involvement of high -powered servers 
in larger botnets507. Focusing on IoT botnets, compromised IoT devices are orchestrated under a common command -
and-control infrastructure. This trend is predicted to increase due to multigigabit consumer wireline and wireless 5G 
broadband internet co nnectivity. It is especially due to weak configurations and little to no security protection of IoT 
devices.  
7.1.3  DDoS and cyberwarfare  
The DDoS landscape, similar to what happened for COVID -19 after 2019, was affected by the geopolitical changes 
introduced by the Russia -Ukrain e war that began 24 February 2022 when a coordinated set of attacks was launched 
against Ukrainian government and financial institutions . A significant part of the DDoS -related attacks in the reporting 
period concerned this event and involved actors at different layers, from states to simple users devoting their 
resources to the cyberwar . It is important to note that state -sponsored attacks  are not only directly bound to the war, 
but had been raised well before the war beg an. For instance, F5Labs reported a number of politically motivated 
DDoS attacks in various countries in Q3 2021. In early and mid -July, unknown actors flooded the security  agencies of 
Russia and Ukraine with junk traffic508. These attacks also involved other countries such as, in mid -August, when 
attackers tried to stop users from accessing the web resources of the Philippine human rights organ isation 
Karapatan. At the e nd of  August, linked to the September elections of the Bundestag in Germany, the website of 
Germany’s Federal Returning Officer was attacked.  
Cloudfare in its document 'DDoS Attack Trends for 2022 Q1 '509 discussed the important role of the Russian and 
Ukrainian war in shaping the current status of DDoS. The most targeted industries in the two countries were online 
media and broadcast media , followed by the internet industry, cryptocurrency and retail. Attacks o n Russian 
cryptocurrency companies originated in Ukra ine or the USA first and then Russia. HTTP DDoS attacks o n Russian 
companies originated from Germany, the USA, Singapore, Finland, India, the Netherlands and Ukraine. Attacks on 
Ukraine targeted broadcast media and publishing websites and originated from m any countries with most of the traffic 
coming from the USA, Russia, Germany, China, the UK and Thailand.  
Both sides of the war were the target of substantial attacks. Ukraine declared itself to be the target of cyberattacks 
including DDoS, which according to the government were on a completely different level510 511. Russia’s Ministry of 
Digital Development and Communications declared that the volume of DDoS attacks in the country had become 
unprecedented512. A game play for Ukraine  was used to launch DDoS attacks against Russian web sites513. This 
increasing involvement of users in DDoS however opened the door to risks for users when tools supposed to be used 
to attack Russian web sites were instead infostealer s514. 
7.1.4  DDoS and C ovid-19 
In the last few years, the COVID -19 pandemic has been used as an amplifier of existing threats to exploit the 
uncertaint ies characteri sing the pandemic515. According to ETL  2021, during COVID -19, RDoS or extortion by DDoS 
had a rise starting July/August 2020, mostly targeting businesses in the e -commerce, finance and travel sectors on a 
                                                           
505 TrendMicro, IoT Security Issues, Threats, and Defenses, July 2021 
https://www.trendmicro.com/vinfo/us/security/news/internet -of-things/iot -security -101-threats -issues -and-defenses   
506 Numaan Huq, Craig Gibson, Vladimir Kropotov, Rainer Vosseler, TrendMicro, In Transit, Interconnected, At Ris k - 
Cybersecurity Risks of Connected Cars, February 2021, https://www.trendmicro.com/vinfo/us/security/news/internet -of-
things/in -transit -interconnected -at-risk-cybersecurity -risks-of-connected -cars  
507 ISSUE 8: FINDINGS FROM 2ND HALF 2021 NETSCOUT THREAT INTELLIGENCE REPORT  
508 https://www.f5.com/labs/articles/threat -intelligence/2022 -application -protection -report -ddos -attack -trends   
509 https://blog.cloudflare.com/ddos -attack -trends -for-2022 -q1/  
510 https://www.bbc.com/news/technology -60500618   
511 https://www.netscout.com/blog/asert/ddos -threat -landscape -ukraine   
512 https://www.nbcnews.com/tech/security/hacktivis ts-new-veteran -target -russia -one-cybers -oldest -tools -rcna20652   
513 https://www.fastcompany.com/90732766/ddos -play-for-ukraine -russian -cyberattack   
514 https://threatpost.com/malware -posing -russia -ddos -tool-bites -pro-ukraine -hackers/178864/   
515 Europol, 'Internet Organised Crime Threat Assessment 2020 (IOCTA) '. 
https://www.europol.europa.eu/sites/default/files/documents/internet_organised_crime_threat_assessment_iocta_2020.pdf   
 Please use footnotes for providing additional or explanatory information and/or relevant links. References should be listed 
in a dedicated section. Use only the function References/Insert Footnote  ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
73 
 global scale516. This trend continues to materialize in 2021 -22. For instance, sites used to fight COVID -19 are still a 
primary target of DDoS . In August, the vaccination registration portal in the Philippines was hit by a DDoS attack517, 
while in September it was the turn of the  Dutch website CoronaCheck distributing QR codes required to visit cafes 
and cultural sites518. Also, Italian and Bulgarian  COVID -19 related services have been hit by DDoS attacks, with an 
overall  increase in government agencies, including those in the EU, being the victim of DDoS extortion attacks linked 
to government C ovid-19 protocols, affecting critical service availabilit y. 
7.1.5  Ransom  Denial of Service (RDoS)  
Ransom  Denial of Service (RDoS) is the new frontier of denial of service attacks . RDoS aims to identify vulnerable 
systems that become the target of the attack and put in place different activities that result in a final request to pay a 
ransom . RDoS can come in two flavours : i) attack -first or ii) extortion first. Point i) considers a scenario where a DDoS 
attack is implemented and a ransom  is requested to stop it. Point ii) considers a scenario where an extortion letter 
and a proof in the form of a small -scale DoS is sent with a request to pay a ransom . RDoS attacks are even more 
dangerous than traditional DDoS since it can be completed even if the attacker does not have eno ugh resources519. 
RDoS is a complex attack that mixes several approaches and techniques such as Denial of Service, Ransomware, 
identity spoofing, to name but a few520. 
EUROPOL reported in its IOCTA 2021521 the comeback of DDoS attacks followed by ransom demands,  with an 
increase in high -volume attacks compared to the previous year. RDoS targeted ISP s, financial institutions, and small 
and medium -sized businesses (SMBs), and its success is due to the spread of online services. In addition to 
traditional double -extortion methods by exfiltrating victims’ data and threatening to publish it, we observe an 
enlargement of the target boundaries that often involve clients, business partners and employees of the victim. RDoS 
is then used to force victims into complying with  the ransom request threatening them at several levels, such as, 
denial of service, publication of confidential data  and the involvement of associated partners. A step further consists 
in the migration from  a one-time ransom to a request f or 1 BTC a day in  exchange for 'protecting ' the victim company 
from their attacks522. 
We are then moving from double -extortion to quadruple -extortion tactics523 524 525 526. In triple -extortion tactics, threat 
actors encrypt and steal data, and also threaten to engage in a distribut ed denial of service (DDoS) attack against the 
affected organi sation527 528. In quadruple extortion attacks ,529 ransomware cybercriminals extend the range of the 
attack to business partners and clients to increase pressure on the victim, with the possibility of business disruptions 
caused by the ransomware attack . In 2021, the names and proof of compromise for 2,566 victims were publicly 
posted on ransomware leak sites, an 85% increase compared to 2020530. 
RDoS often involve s identity spoofing,531 where cybercriminals used the identity of APT groups to force their targets 
into paying the ransom. As an example, in Q3 2021 a wave of attacks targeted VoIP providers which affected 
companies in Britain, Canada and the US A. The attackers claimed to be pa rt of the ransomware group R Evil before 
issuing their request for ransom. No evidence was released to confirm the group’s identity as REvil.  
                                                           
516 ETH Z ürich, Center for Security Studies (CSS), The Evolving Cyber Threat Landscape during the COVID Crisis, 2020  
517 https://www.man ilatimes.net/2021/08/14/opinion/columns/cyberhackers -sabotaging -manilas -vaccination -program/1810897   
518 https://nltimes.nl/2021/09/26/saturday -night -ddos -attack -coronacheck -system -resolved   
519 CloudBric, DDoS Extortion Campaigns (Ransom DDoS, or RDoS) To Watch Out For, https://www.cloudbric.com/blog/2020/11/ddos -rdos-extortion -
ransomware -campaign/   
520 Neustar, Pay Or Else: DDoS Ransom Attacks  
521 https://www.europol.europa.eu/cms/sites/default/files/documents/internet_organised_crime_threat_assessment_iocta_2021.pdf   
522 https://threatpost. com/massive -meris -botnet -embeds -ransomware -notes -revil/178769/   
523 Unit42_Ransomware_Threat_Report_2022_1650614560  
524 IBM_X_Force_Threat_Intel_Index_2022  
525 ISSUE 8: FINDINGS FROM 2ND HALF 2021 NETSCOUT THREAT INTELLIGENCE REPORT  
526 The Global Economic Forum, The Global Risks Report 2022 17th Edition, 2022 
https://www3.weforum.org/docs/WEF_The_Global_Risks_Report_2022.pdf   
527 IBM_X_Force_Threat_Intel_Ind ex_2022  
528 BleepingComputer, ‘US and Australia warn of escalating Avaddon ransomware attacks’, https:// www.bleepingcomputer.com/news /security/us -
andaustralia -warn -of-escalating -avaddon -ransomwareattacks/  , 2021  
529 The Global Economic Forum, The Global Risks Report 2022 17th Edition, 2022 
https://www3.wefo rum.org/docs/WEF_The_Global_Risks_Report_2022.pdf  
530 Unit42_Ransomware_Threat_Report_2022_1650614560  
531 https://www.europol.europa.eu/cms/sites/default/files/documents/internet_organised_crime_threat_assessment_iocta_2021.pdf   
 Please use footnotes for providing additional or explanatory information and/or relevant links. References should be listed 
in a dedicated section. Use only the function References/Insert Footnote  ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
74 
 RDoS can also be used as a mechanism for compromis ing the systems of a target using malware532. In Q3 2021, 
DDoS was  used as a  tool for  intimidation, where the targets received an e-mail claiming they were used to execute 
DDoS attacks and could face legal problems. The mail included a link to a cloud directory where details about the 
incident s could be accessed , but instead it contained the BazarLoader malware loader.  
According to Cloudfare in Q4 2021, RDoS attacks increased by 29% year -on-year and 175% quarter -on-quarter533. 
This percentage was retrieved by asking customers of Cloudfare that receiv ed a DDoS attack whether  they also 
received a ransom note. These numbers decreased sharp ly in Q1 2022 probably due to the war between Russia and 
Ukrain e which monopol ised the denial -of-service domain534. 
7.1.6  Shift from UDP -based  to TCP -based attacks  
Following the trend on the increase of protocol and application attacks, 2021 saw a sharp increase in TCP -based 
attacks535. Still, being stateless, UDP is still the favoured transport protocol supporting IP address hiding and simple 
reflection attacks536. However, in 2021, TCP has been used for 27% of attacks , an increase of 10%. As stated 
already, this is strongly coupled with more complex protocol and application DDoS attacks, which often builds on the 
TCP protocol.  
This attack, defined in theory at the University of Maryland and University of  Colorado Boulder, aims to weapon ize 
middleware in providing TCP reflected amplification537 538. According to researchers explaining this attack, TCP-
based amplification is possible and can be orders of magnitude more effective than the well-known UDP -based 
amplification . Beginning of 2022, Akamai Security Researchers detected and analysed TCP reflection attacks, 
peaking at 11 Gbps at 1.5 Mpps539. 
On average, TCP DDoS attacks almost doubled in 2021 compared with 2020 and accounted for 27% of all attacks540. 
7.1.7  Cloud a nd DDoS  
The rapid  adoption of  cloud computing and its movement towards edge computation increased the attack surface and 
the opportunit ies for cybercriminals541. This migration has been further boosted by remote working, online education, 
business resilience and environmental sustainability caused by COVID -19. The price we pay for such convenience is 
an increased risk of DDoS attacks targeting cloud resources. Clo ud brings a false sense of security, reducing the 
effort spent by organi sations in monitoring cloud infrastructures and platforms with respect to their counterparts on 
premise s. As a result, cybercriminals are targeting cloud services and take advantage of  deficiencies in cloud assets 
and configuration management.  
On the other side, the cloud is a powerful tool in the hands of cybercriminals who can benefit from highly scalable and 
reliable command -and-control infrastructures and botnets542. Public APIs can be used as attack vectors to gain 
access to individual endpoint devices. For instance, a cloud -centric toolset from TeamTNT installed a bot named 
Tsunami  onto compromised systems to abuse public -facing infrastructures to execute, among others, distributed 
denial -of-service attacks.  
7.1.8  DDoS attacks spread  
7.1.8.1  Geographical Spread  
                                                           
532 https://ww w.bleepingcomputer.com/news/security/fake -dmca -and-ddos -complaints -lead-to-bazaloader -malware/   
533 https://blog.cloudflare.com/ddos -attack -trends -for-2021 -q4/  
534 https://blog.cloudflare.com/ddos -attack -trends -for-2022 -q1/  
535 David Warburton, 2022 Application Protection Report: DDoS Attack Trends, March 2022, https://www.f5.com/labs/articles/threat -intelligence/2022 -
application -protection -report -ddos -attack -trends  
536 https://azure.microsoft.com/en -us/blog/azure -ddos -protection -2021 -q3-and-q4-ddos -attack -trends/   
537 https://www.usenix.org/system/files/sec21fall -bock.pdf   
538 https://portswigger.net/daily -swig/nation -state -threat -how-ddos -over-tcp-technique -could -amplify -attacks   
539 https://www.akamai.com/blog/security/tcp -middlebox -reflection   
540 David Warburton, 2022 Application Protection Report: DDoS Attack Trends, March 2022, https://www.f5.com/labs/articles/threat -intelligence/2022 -
application -protection -report -ddos -attack -trends  
541 Accenture -2021 -Cyber -Threat -Intelligence -Report fornito da enisa  
542 Accenture -2021 -Cyber -Threat -Intelligence -Report Volume 2, https://www.accenture.com/_acnmedia/PDF -173/Accenture -Cyber -Threat -Intelligence -
Report -Vol-2.pdf   
 Please use footnotes for providing additional or explanatory information and/or relevant links. References should be listed 
in a dedicated section. Use only the function References/Insert Footnote  ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
75 
 The geographical spread of DDoS attacks in 2021 -22 shows  the following highlights 543. 
• The USA and China confirm the trends of past years and are at the top of the ranking s as target countr ies 
for DDoS attacks. Q3 and Q4 2021 saw a sharp increase for Hong Kong that took the second spot of the 
ranking s. 
• Germany, the United Kingdom, France  and Canada have been in the top places for the whole period.  
• The USA, Netherlands and Germany account for the highest distribution of botnet C&Cs , accounting for 
48.49%, 9 .17%, and 8 .69% of botnet C&Cs respectively on average.  
Cloudfare analy sed the geographical spread of DDoS distinguishing between application (L7) and ne twork (L3/L4) 
layers, and considering the percentage of attack traffic to total traffic544 545 546. 
• Application Layer: China and the USA are often in the top spots as both source s and target s of 
application -layer attacks. The only exceptions were: i) Q3 2021, wh ere attacks on UK -based and Canada -
based companies jumped to be the second and third most targeted countries, ii) Q4 2021, where Canada 
took the second spot and China the eight  spot as the most target ed countries.  
• Network Layer:  DDoS attacks increased by 44% worldwide in Q3 2021, with the Middle East and Africa 
experiencing an increase in attack s of approx 80% with Morocco in the top spot as a source of network 
layer attacks, closely followed by Asian countries (e.g. Philippines, Vietnam). In Q4, Moldova hit the top 
spot with the highest percentage of network -layer DDoS activity.  
7.1.8.2  Industry sector spread  
F5Labs observed that the  most attacked industry sector over 2021 was the banking, financial services, and insurance 
(BFSI) sector with over 25% of the attacks547. Telecommunications and technology were in the second and fourth 
spots respectively, while education is still a preferre d sector at third place and was hit particularly hard during 
September and January (beginning of new terms). When attacks are divided by DDoS type, F5Labs found that 
telecommunication s and education are the most targeted sectors by volume of attacks, while  other sectors including 
BFSI show a more balanced picture. Considering the largest attacks, ISP/Hosting takes the lead followed by 
recreation, BFSI and technology. Recreation is the sector with the largest average attack size. Neustar also identifies 
telecommunications and financials as preferred targets for DDoS, as well as gaming, ecommerce and healthcare 
pulled by the transition to online technology during the pandemic548. 
Cloudfare also analy sed the industry sector spread of DDoS attacks at the applicati on (L7) layer549 550 551. Attacks on 
computer software, gaming/gambling , IT and Internet companies increased by an average of 573% in Q3 2021, 
where attackers targeted VoIP service providers with massive DDoS attack campaigns. The top targeted application 
layer sectors were technology (including software, internet  and information technologies) and gaming in Q3 2021, 
manufacturing, gaming  and business services in Q4 2021, and consumer electronics, online media  and computer 
software in Q1 2022.  
7.1.9  Attack vectors  
F5Lab s classifies DDoS attacks in to three categories , i.e. volumetric, application  and protocol, and analy ses their 
frequency552. F5Labs identified simple UDP (non -reflection) attacks as the DDoS method with the highest frequency 
in 2021. However, although volumetric attacks are still more than a half of all attacks (59%), the third, fourth, and fifth 
most common attack types were protocol - and application -based. The largest attack of 1.4 Tbps attack observed by 
                                                           
543 https://blog.cloudflare.com/ddos -attack -trends -for-2021 -q3/  
544 https://blog.cloudflare.com/ddos -attack -trends -for-2021 -q3/  
545 https://blog.cloudflare.com/ddos -attack -trends -for-2021 -q4/  
546 https://blog.cloudflare.com/ddos -attack -trends -for-2022 -q1/  
547 https://www.f5.com/labs/articles/threat -intelligence/2022 -application -protection -report -ddos -attack -trends   
548 Neustar, DDoS DISRUPTION IMPACTS - The Need for Always -On Security  
549 https://blog.cloudflare.com/ddos -attack -trends -for-2021 -q3/  
550 https://blog.cloudflare.com/ddos -attack -trends -for-2021 -q4/  
551 https://blog.cloudflare.com/ddos -attack -trends -for-2022 -q1/  
552 https://www.f5.com/labs/articles/threat -intelligence/2022 -application -protection -report -ddos -attack -trends   
 Please use footnotes for providing additional or explanatory information and/or relevant links. References should be listed 
in a dedicated section. Use only the function References/Insert Footnote  ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
76 
 F5Labs was based on HTTP(S) denial -of-service techniques, the less frequent form of DDoS attack, and involved 
DNS reflection and HTTPS GET  requests .  
In 2021, F5Labs also observed  that UDP was the most used transport protocol, since it is stateless and easily 
support s reflection attacks, though TCP increased by  10% to be used for 27% of attacks553.  
On the contrary, Cloudfare reported SYN floods as the most favourite method of attack, with UDP showing a peak in 
Q4 2021, still confirming the increase in TCP -based attacks.  
7.1.10  VoIP providers observed an increased amount of DDoS extortion attacks  
Voice providers are increasingly becoming a preferred target for DDoS cybercriminals554 555. According to 
NETSCOUT556, DDoS extortion and RDoS attacks to VoIP Services increased an d reached several SIP/RTP VoIP 
operators. First, the attack targeted retail and wholesale VoIP providers in the UK then it moved to VoIP operators in 
Western Europe and North America. One V oIP service provider reported $9M -$12M in revenue loss es due to DDo S 
attacks.  
7.1.11  Additional trends  
• As noted in ETL  21, cybercrime -as-a-service tools were increasingly used as facilitator s for reducing the 
effort needed to manage high -volume and complex attacks, making DDoS adaptive, lightweight and 
heterogeneous. This was confirmed in 2021 -22 whe n, according to NETSCOUT, DDoS -for-Hire Free -for-All 
services were spreading with a free account to launch DDoS attacks557. Users could test basic DDoS 
attacks and then pay to increase attack power.  
• Artificial Intelligence is permeatin g our systems and is often used as a means to increase the security and 
safety of our systems, detect anomalies in IT systems and automatically configure IT assets. It is quickly 
becoming a target for cybercriminals attacking the logic within AI models. A successful attack that reverses 
the decision made by an AI model permits the cybercriminals to hide their activities, on one side, or even 
produce a DDoS attack, on the other side558. 
• F5Labs  observed an increase in the number of DDoS attacks in Q3 2021 both with respect to Q3 2020 and 
Q2 2021 559. Verizon counted DDoS as 46% of the total number of attacks560. 
• According to NETSCOUT, in the second half of 2021, cybercriminals launched approximately 4.4 million 
DDoS attacks.  
• CVE-2021 -45105 (log4j vulnerability) facilitates cybercriminals  in executing a denial of service attack via 
infinite recursion when the application encounters inputs with recursive lookups561.  
                                                           
553 https://www.f5.com/ labs/articles/threat -intelligence/2022 -application -protection -report -ddos -attack -trends   
554 https://news.lumen.com/2022 -02-17-Lumen -scrubbed -more -than-20,000 -enterprise -DDoS -attacks -in-2021   
555 Neustar, Cyber Threats & Trends Report: Defending Against A New Cybercrime Economy  
556 ISSUE 8: FINDINGS FROM 2ND HALF 2021 NETSCOUT THREAT INTELLIGENCE REPO RT, https://www.netscout.com/sites/default/files/2022 -
03/ThreatReport_2H2021_WEB.pdf   
557 ISSUE 8: FINDINGS FROM 2ND HALF 2021 NETSCOUT THREAT INTELLIGENCE REPOR T, https://www.netscout.com/sites/default/files/2022 -
03/ThreatReport_2H2021_WEB.pdf   
558 Acronis_Cyber_Threat_Report_2022_1649135585  
559 https://www.f5.com/labs/articles/threat -intelligence/2022 -application -protection -report -ddos -attack -trends   
560 The Global Economic Forum, The Global Risks Repo rt 2021 16th Edition, 2021 
http://www3.weforum.org/docs/WEF_The_Global_Risks_Report_2021.pdf   
561 Accenture -2021 -Cyber -Threat -Intelligence -Report  ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
77 
  
ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
78 
 8. THREATS AGAINST 
AVAILABILITY: INTERN ET THREATS  
Internet  use and the free flow of information is impacting the lives of all Europeans . For many  people , access to the 
internet has become a basic necessity for work ing, study ing and exercis ing freedom of expression, political freedom  
and for social interaction. This chapter  cover s threats that impact the availability of  the internet. DDoS is covered in a 
separate section due to its individual impact in the threat landscape.  
8.1 PHYSICAL TAKE -OVER A ND DESTRUCTION OF INTERNET INFRASTR UCTURE  
Since the invasion of Ukraine, Russia has been actively taking over internet infrastructure by diverting traffic over 
Russian networks. For example, after taking over the city of Kherson, Russia forced local internet providers to 
relinquish  control of the networks and then physically rerouted mobile and internet traffic over Russian -owned 
network infrastructure. This allows Russia to block access to social media, prevent information  leakage, have more 
control over the narrative surrounding the war and perfo rm surveillance activities.  
Ukraine cellular networks are being actively shut down, forcing Ukrainian residents to use Russian mobile service 
providers. There are also reports of communication infrastructure being actively destroyed. According to the 
Ukra inian government, around 15% of the internet infrastructure had been destroyed as of June 2022562,563. This has 
led Ukraine’s Ministry of Digital Transformation to seek alternative means to ensure  the operations of the country’s 
critical infrastructure, e.g. v ia the use of satellite internet systems.564 
 
8.2 ACTIVE CENSORING  
Since February 2022 , around 3 ,000 websites have been blocked in Russia. The blocks are related to the Russian 
invasion of Ukraine. High  profile news and social media websites have been blocked, i ncluding Instagram, Facebook, 
Twitter, Google News, BBC News, NPR, Die Welt, The Telegraph, Bellingcat and Amnesty International. A thousand 
of these websites are Ukrainian565.  
OONI Probe is a software designed to measure various forms of internet censorshi p and is run by volunteers in 
around 160 countries monthly. The data is collected  and published in real -time. Data analysis of Russian traffic 
shows that t he most common method used for censorship  (in terms of the number of ISPs relying on it) is the 
injection of a RST packet following the initial phase of the  TLS handshake. The second most common method is 
DNS -based filtering . Since December 2021, Tor had also been subject to blocking. While still accessible on most 
networks in Russia, data of 15 out of 65 tested  AS networks indicate that Tor is being blocked566.  
Europe, in turn, also announced the suspension of the media broad casting activities of Sputnik and RT in the EU over 
disinformation on Ukraine567. While the decision is related to the media broadcasting activities of RT, some European 
countries, as well as social media platforms, are also blocking access to the website s of Russian outlets.  
 
                                                           
562 https://www.nytimes.com/int eractive/2022/08/09/technology/ukraine -internet -russia -censorship.html  
563 https://www.reuters.com/world/europe/russia -reroutes -internet -traffic -occupied -ukraine -its-infrastructure -2022 -05-02/ 
564 
 https://www.commsupdate.com/articles/2022/08/23/starlink -delivered-more -than-13000 -satellite -terminals -to-ukraine/  
565 https://www.top10vpn.com/research/websites -blocked -in-russia/  
566 https://ooni.org/post/2022 -russia -blocks -amid -ru-ua-conflict/  
567 https://www.consilium.europa.eu/en/press/press -releases/2022/03/02/eu -imposes -sanctions -on-state -owned -outlets -rt-
russia -today -and-sputnik -s-broadcasting -in-the-eu/ 
 Please use footnotes for providing additional or explanatory information and/or relevant links. References should be listed 
in a dedicated section. Use only the function References/Insert Footnote  ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
79 
 8.3 STATE -OWNED CERTIFIC ATE AUTHORITY  
Following the war in Ukraine, Russia was sanctioned by many western governments. Sanctions on financial 
institutions prevented Russian users from renewing their TLS certificates. Consequently many websi tes began  
presenting expired certificates resulting in untrusted connections for the user. The Russian Ministry of Digital 
Development began providing a free alternative for legal entities in Russia to create a certificate568.  
Certificate authorities issue certificates and are, when vetted, considered trusted parties.  When the state owns this 
certificate authority (CA), it becomes straightforward for them to perform HTTPS traffic interception and man -in-the-
middle attacks on its citizens. Due to the ongoing attacks and the global lack of trust in Russia as a partner, the CA is 
only trusted on two browsers, Yandex and Atom. Any other web browser will warn or prevent a user from accessing 
the website. For end -users in Russia, the limitations on purchasing certi ficate renewals have caused a negative 
impact on their internet security and privacy.569 
 
8.4 BGP HIJACKING  
BGP hijacking allows  attackers  to reroute internet traffic. This is achieved by falsely announcing ownership of IP 
prefixes , groups of IP addresses . The c onsequence is that internet data use a malicious route to reach its destination. 
BGP hijacking can result in incorrect routing, data monitoring, interception, blackholing or redirection to another 
website. With blackholing, the data is dropped from the net work. Wrong BGP announcements can cause a significant 
impact as they may spread beyond the original target area. As an erroneous announcement of ownership can also 
result from a misconfiguration, tell ing whether a BGP hijacking incident is indeed malicious  or whether it is 
unintentional  is not always straightforward . 
BGPStream is an open -source software framework for live and historical BGP data analysis570. In 2021, BGPStream 
collectors identified approximately 775 incidents categor ised as 'Possible Hijacks '. Compared to 2020, there were 
fewer incidents in 2021571. Other data suggest that in the last quarter of 2021, the most significant  number of hijacks 
took place. The results for Q1 2022 are a bit lower but comparable to Q4 2021572.  
In February 2021, hackers stole almost two million dollars from the South Korean cryptocurrency platform KLAYswap . 
They launched a BGP hijack against the server infrastructure of one of its providers, KakaoTalk , advertising  the 
ownership of one of its websites. Through the hijackin g that lasted two hours, the attackers served a malicious 
JavaScript SDK file. When a transaction on the platform was detected, t he added code hijack ed the funds and sent 
the assets t o the wallet  of an attacker573. 
In March 2022, Twitter was briefly hijacked  through a Russian ISP. It was believed to be the consequence of a 
misconfiguration574 575. 
In July 2022, Apple was also hijacked by a Russian ISP, Rostelecom. Apple only announces their larger 17.0.0.0/9 
block. As the ISP announced a smaller block 17.70.96.0/ 19, this route got hijacked. To regain control, Apple started 
announcing an even smaller block, 17.70.96.0/21, to direct traffic to the right AS. It took 12 hours before the wrong 
routes were corrected576. 
 
                                                           
568 https://www.gosuslugi.ru/tls  
569 https://www.bleepingcomputer.com/news/security/russia -creates -its-own-tls-certificate -authority -to-bypass -sanctions/  
570 https://bgps tream.caida.org/  
571 https://www.manrs.org/2022/02/bgp -security -in-2021/  
572 https://habr.com/en/company/qrator/blog/663250/  
573 https://therecord.media/klayswap -crypto -users -lose-funds -after-bgp-hijack/  
574 https://bgpstream.crosswork.cisco.com/event/288327  
575 https://isc.sans.edu/diary/BGP+Hijacking+of+Twitter+Prefix+by+RTComm.ru/28488  
576 https://www.manrs.org/2022/07/for -12-hours -was-part-of-apple -engineerings -network -hijacked -by-russias -rostelecom/  
 Please use footnotes for providing additional or explanatory information and/or relevant links. References should be listed 
in a dedicated section. Use only the function References/Insert Footnote  ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
80 
 8.5 BGP WITHDRAW  
As BGP routes are announced, they are also constantly being withdrawn. In October 2021, Facebook accidentally 
disconnected its  entire backbone  because of an incorrect configuration. When the DNS servers noticed  the network 
backbone was no longer talking to the internet, they stopped sending ou t BGP advertisements , instead withdrawing 
them577. The outage lasted about seven  hours and also impacted Instagram  and WhatsApp . 
In June 2022, Cloudflare endured a similar  incident where a BGP configuration change caused a prefix to withdraw, 
rendering  19 of its data centr es inaccessible. In less than one hour, all data centr es were brought online again578. As 
many websites are using Cloudflare, the incident affected many users.  
 
8.6 ADOPTION OF RPKI REMAINS SLOW  
Resource Public Key Infrastructure (RPKI)579 is a way to sign certificates that will attest to holding the IP address 
space and AS number. The framework can help to better protect the BGP infrastructure against BGP Hijack attacks. 
It provides an out -of-band method to help manage which network can annou nce which route.  While RPKI is not new, 
adoption still remains  low. In 2021, Comcast , and in 2022 , KPN and Orange  joined the list of operators successfully 
implementing RPKI. While the list of safe ISP and transit providers is growing, the road to full ado ption is still long580. 
From January 2021 to January 2022, RPKI adoption grew  from 28% to 34,7%581. 
  
                                                           
577 https://engineering.fb.com/2021/10/04/networking -traffic/outage/  
578 https://blog.cloudflare.com/cloudflare -outage -on-june-21-2022/  
579 https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6480  
580 https://isbgpsafeyet.com/  
581 https://www.manrs.org/2022/02/bgp -security -in-2021/  ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
81 
  
ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
82 
 9. DISINFORMATION - 
MISINFORMATION  
Digital platforms are nowadays the norm for news and media. Social sites, news and media outlets and even search 
engines are now source s of information for many people. Due to the nature of how these sites operate, which is by 
attracting people and generating traffic  to the site s, the information that generates more viewers is usually the one 
promoted, sometimes without it being  validat ed. Topics of the day, such as the Russia and Ukraine conflict , have 
generated a lot of stories that  brought enormous attention. The differences between  wrong or purposely falsified 
information are due to  different motives. This is where the defini tions of misinformation582 and disinformation583 come 
into play.  
Cloud computing, AI tools and AI algorithms support malicious actors in fabricating malicious information. This 
success has both technical and social foundations, and provides state and non -state  actors with powerful channels 
and tools for fabricating and distributing disinformation584 585 586. The above platforms and services also give 
malicious actors the ability to experiment, monitor, iterate and optimi se the impact of disinformation campaigns587. 
These campaigns are usually the first step before launching other attacks, such as phishing, social engineering or 
malware infection.  
For example, a 2022 study from GlobalData estimated 10% of active accounts o n Twitter are posting spam 
content588. Twitter claims the number is well below 5%589. 
An overview of the targets, means and goal s of misinformation and dis information threats is presented in Table 2590. 
Table 2: Disinformation and misinformation: Target, Means and Goals  
Target  Means  Goal  
People  Disinformation, misinformation, fake news  Reduce perceived honesty and 
trustworthiness of individuals  
Enterprises  Market distortion, misinformation, disinformation, 
smear campaigns, fake news, propaganda  Affect brand reputation, financial solidity of 
the company and the trustworthiness of the 
management  
Society  Disinformation, fake news  Induce the in ability to distinguish real and 
fake news, apathy, exhaustion in trying to find 
the truth, the manipulati on and misleading of 
public -opinion  
                                                           
582 Misinformation is an unintentional attack, where sharing of information is done inadvertently. Inaccuracy carried by the 
information is unintentional and could happen for example when a journalist reports wrong information in good faith or 
reports information  by mistake. ENISA ETL 2020  
583 Disinformation is an intentional attack that consists of the creation or sharing of false or misleading information. ENISA 
ETL 2020  
584 Caroline Jack, 'Lexicon of Lies: Terms for Problematic Information ' (New York: Data & Societ y, 2017), 
https://datasociety.net/pubs/oh/DataAndSociety_LexiconofLies.pdf  .  
585 Europol, EU SERIOUS AND ORGANISED CRIME THREAT ASSESSMENT (SOCTA 2021), 2021  
586 Microsoft FY21 D igital Defense Report  
587 Microsoft FY21 Digital Defense Report  
588 https://www.globaldata.com/media/business -fundamentals/ 10-twitters -active -accounts -posting -spam -content -says-globaldata/   
589 https://twitter.com/paraga/status/1526237588746403841   
590 ENISA Threat Landscape 2021.  
 Please use footnotes for providing additional or explanatory information and/or relevant links. References should be listed 
in a dedicated section. Use only the function References/Insert Footnote  ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
83 
 Any  Sharing of inaccurate information  Make money based on advertising  
 
The flow of disinformation or misinformation and related cyber operations by state and non -state actors is flooding 
people with the goal of causing uncertainty, apathy towards truth, exhaustion in trying to find it, and fear591. It is 
becoming increasingly clear that disinformation and m isinformation are major threat s to democracy, open debate, and  
a free and modern society592, and that policy -makers should put disinformation at the core of their agenda, while also 
including security and privacy implications593. This scenario has been further  boosted and brought to the attention of 
the research community, governments and public community by the huge wave of disinformation attacks that 
anticipated and accompanied the war between Russia and Ukraine594 595. In this context, the European Parliament 
released a resolution on 9 March 2022 on foreign interference in all democratic processes in the European Union, 
including disinformation (2020/2268(INI))596. 
9.1 TRENDS  
Similarly to 2021, the Global Risks Report of the World Economic Forum 2022597 stated that the interaction between 
digitali sation and growing cyberthreats carries intangible consequences as well. The growth of deepfakes and 
'disinformation -for-hire' is likely to deepen mistrust between societies, business es and government s. For example, 
deepfakes could be used to sway elections or political outcomes.  On top of this, disinformation is one of the 
dimensions with an adverse impact on public trust in digital system s. It is  also affecting the collaboration betwee n 
states, as cybersecurity becomes a source of divergence rather than of collaboration. According to the Global Risks 
Perception Survey (GRPS), cross-border cyberattacks and misinformation are identified as those areas where the 
current state of  efforts to  mitigate  risk are 'not started ' or in 'early development '. 
According to EU Project CONCORDIA, deep fakes, propaganda, misinformation, and disinformation campaigns are 
everywhere, designed to lead users into making mistakes. These campaigns directly impact  people's daily life and 
society598.  
Specifically, the following trends are emerg ing. 
9.1.1  Russia -Ukraine war  
Disinformation as a method of information warfare dates back to the Cold War and ha d a revival in the United States 
after the 2016 election, when Russia  was accused to have interfered with the US election process599. The central role 
of disinformation in the cyberwar has been clarified in the war between Russia and Ukraine, where cyberwar moved 
from cyberattacks to disinformation600.  
Disinformation was being used even before the 'physical ' war started as a preparatory activity for Russia’s invasion of 
Ukraine. Mass disinformation campaigns targeted Ukraine before the invasion and continued to escalate during it601. 
As an example, Euronews presented a repor t by the European Expert Association, lately independently evaluated by 
the Global Disinformation Index, on different unsubstantiated claims used as a justification for the military action by 
Russia, such as the news that Ukraine was preparing an attack on  the Donbas602. In this context, according to Maria 
Avdeeva, the Ukrainian founder and research director of the European  Experts Association, the approach taken to 
disinformation was to favour quantity over quality , trying to exhaust the ability of people to  distinguish real information 
                                                           
591 Microsoft FY21 Digital Defense Report  
592 Microsoft FY21 Digital Defense Report  
593 The Global Economic Forum, The Global Risks Report 2021 16th Edition, 2021 
http://www3.weforu m.org/docs/WEF_The_Global_Risks_Report_2021.pdf   
594 https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/2022/03/31/ukraine -war-is-more -about -disinformation -than-cyberattacks/   
595 https://www.dw.com/en/fact -check -the-deepfakes -in-the-disinformation -war-between -russia -and-ukraine/a -61166433   
596 https://www.europarl.europa.eu/doceo/document/TA -9-2022 -0064_EN.html   
597 The Global Economic Forum, The Global Risks Report 2022 17th Edition, 2022 
https://www3.weforum.org/docs/WEF_The_Global_Risks_Report_2022.pdf   
598 D4.3 CONCORDIA  
599 Microsoft FY21 Digital Defense Report  
600 https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/2022/03/31/ukraine -war-is-more -about -disinformation -than-cyberattacks/   
601 https://www.euronews.com/my -europe/2022/02/25/the -disinformation -war-the-falsehoods -about -the-ukraine -invasion -and-how-to-stop-them -spre  
602 https://www.euronews.com/my -europe/2022/02/25/the -disinformation -war-the-falsehoods -about -the-ukraine -invasion -and-how-to-stop-them -spre  
 Please use footnotes for providing additional or explanatory information and/or relevant links. References should be listed 
in a dedicated section. Use only the function References/Insert Footnote  ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
84 
 and facts. This approach resembles the traditional DDoS attack aiming to exhaust the resources of physical 
machines.  
Disinformation was used by all actors of the war. Russia n disinformation focused on the motivations of the in vasion 
(e.g. denazification, the liberation of Ukraine),603 604 605 Ukrainian and NATO aggression ,606 or the United States 
providing Ukraine with biological weapons607 608 609. Ukraine disinformation focused on motivating the troops and 
highlighting Russian military los ses610 611. Other countries  also contributed to th e spread of disinformation such as the 
use of chemical weapons in Ukraine or military support by China612 613. 
In addition, AI -enabled disinformation based on deepfakes took an important role in the war and resulte d in videos of 
Russia's Vladimir Putin and Ukraine's Volodymyr Zelenskyy with messages supporting the view s of adversaries. The 
videos were fake but they spread online614. 
In this perfect storm of disinformation caused by AI, deepfakes and social networks, big companies including Meta, 
YouTube and Twitter announced waves of new measures in response to growing request s from the Ukrainian 
government, world leaders and the public615. 
9.1.2  AI-enabled disinformation and deepfakes  
The role of AI -enabled disinformation is  increasingly becoming central in the creation and spreading of disinformation, 
and it can make the future supply of disinformation infinite616 617. The proliferation of bots modelling personas can 
easily disrupt the 'notice -and-comment ' rulemaking process, as  well as the community interaction, by flooding 
government agencies with fake comments618. 
In ETL  2021, we already observed that AI-powered social media is at the basis of the spread of disinformation, 
causing social chaos619. In this context, deepfakes techno logy is evolving quickly. Supporting technology makes the 
creation of deepfakes simpler, while social media help in spreading them620. Additionally, misinformation and 
disinformation campaigns are becoming more credible thanks to deepfakes that cannot yet be  fully counteracted621 
622.  
In particular, content produced or distributed by political leaders ha s been manipulated or taken out of context for 
decades but the trend is  increasing. However, the advent of deepfakes brought this practice to a different level, 
providing malicious actors with smart and simple -to-use tools for generating fake content (audio, video, images and 
text) that is almost impossible to distinguish from real content. The power of AI allows malicious actors (both state 
                                                           
603 https://www.vox.com/2022/2/24/22948944/putin -ukraine -nazi-russia -speech -declare -war  
604 https://www.timesofisrael.com/liveblog_entry/putin -calls-on-ukraine -army -to-remove -neo-nazi-leadership -in-kyiv/  
605 https://www.factcheck.org/2022/03/the -facts -on-de-nazifying -ukraine/   
606 https://www.courthousenews.com/putin -blames -nato-for-pushing -russia -into-invasion/   
607 https://www.theguardian.com/media/2022/mar/15/russia -disinformati on-social -media -ukraine   
608 https://foreignpolicy.com/2022/03/02/ukraine -biolabs -conspiracy -theory -qanon/   
609 https://www.bbc.com/news/60711705   
610 https://www.bbc.com/news/60528276   
611 https://www.businessinsider.com/uk raine -ghost -of-kyiv-died-in-battle -2022 -4?r=US&IR=T   
612 https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/national -security/us -using -declassified -intel-fight-info-war-russia -even -intel-isnt-rock-
rcna23014   
613 https://jacobin.com/2022/04/russia -war-ukraine -putin -biden -intelligence -press   
614 https://www.dw.com/en/fact -check -the-deepfakes -in-the-disinformation -war-between -russia -and-ukraine/a -61166433   
615 https://www.theguardian.com/media/2022/mar/15/russia -disinformation -social -media -ukraine   
616 Renée DiResta (20 Sep 2020), 'The supply of disinformation will soon be i nfinite, ' Atlantic, https://www.theatlantic.com/ideas/archive/2020/09/future -
propaganda -will-be-computer -generated/616400      
617 The_Coming_AI_Hackers.pdf  
618 The_Coming_AI_Hackers.pdf  
619 The Global Economic Forum, The Global Risks Report 2021 16th Edition, 2021 
http://www3.weforum.org/docs/WEF_The_Global _Risks_Report_2021.pdf    
620 Avast, 2020: The Year of Fake News, COVID -related Scams and Ransomware, November 2020,  https:// www.prnewswire.com/news -releases/2020 -
the-year-of-fake-news -covid -related -scams -and-ransomware -301180568.html  
621 Chuck Brooks, Alarming Cybersecurity Stats: What You Need To Know For 2021, March 2021, 
https://www.forbes.com/sites/chuckbrooks/2021/03/02/alarming -cybersecurity -stats ------- what -you-need -to-know -for-2021/   
622 Europol, EU SERIOUS AND ORGANISED CRIME THREAT ASSESSMENT (SOCTA 2021), 2021  
 Please use footnotes for providing additional or explanatory information and/or relevant links. References should be listed 
in a dedicated section. Use only the function References/Insert Footnote  ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
85 
 and non -state) to buil d targeted attacks that mix  the profiling of  individuals and users, on one side, and personal ised 
disinformation, on the other side623 624. 
The result of this spread of deepfakes and AI -based disinformation is a loss of credibility in information, media and 
journalism625 626. This scenario can result in the liar’s dividend,  a major risk described by Chesney and Citron where 
the goal of a disinformation attack is not fake news, but rather is to deny the truth.  
If disinformation has been use d to target the community at large, creating ideological conflicts, disrupting elections, 
and counteracting efforts in limiting the spread of the pandemic, it is also largely used to harm individuals627 628. 
According to Microsoft, over 96% of deepfake videos concern pornography, while different attacks target  the 
reputations of  people. These attacks cause damages that persist after the disinformation has been properly 
debunked.  
9.1.3  Disinformation -as-a-Service (aka disinformation -for-hire)  
ETL 2021 observed that professional disinformation is produced on a large scale by major governments, political 
parties and public relations firms629. Since 2019, a growing number of third parties have been offering disinformation 
services, providing targeted attacks on behalf of clients630. Services are provided in numerous countries and an 
increasing number of non -state and private commercial organisations are using them.631  
This trend towards disinformation -for-hire is increasing making disinformation campaigns simple to implement and 
manage632. These services coupled with deepfakes are likely to increase mistrust in the entire society633. According 
to the Centr e for International Media Assessment (CIMA), Disinformation -for-hire is a booming industry in which 
private marketing, communic ations and public relations firms are paid to sow discord by spreading false information 
and manipulating content online634. CIMA claims that at least $60 million is the  total amount of money spent for 
propaganda services since 2009.  
9.1.4  COVID -19 and the g reen transition  
COVID -19 was a top topic for disinformation attacks in 2021, resulting in what the World Health Organisation (WHO) 
warned was an infodemic of online disinformation and misinformation635 636 637. These d isinformation campaigns 
aimed to spread fear, uncertainty and doubt around the effectiveness of coronavirus vaccines. Businesses and 
individuals were targeted by disinformation campaigns focused on green pass  (facilitating border transition based on 
COVID -19 vaccination) , mandatory vaccination, health passports, mass immunity testing and lockdowns. The debate 
around COVID -19 and disinformation and misinformation continued in 2022, in efforts to find ways to counteract or at 
least tolerate disinformation and  misinformation638. 
The Reuters Institute Digital News Report 2021 reports that COVID -19 disinformation and misinformation was at the 
top of their survey with 54% of respondents claiming to have seen false and misleading information about COVID -19, 
                                                           
623 Microsoft FY21 Digital Defense Report  
624 https://www3.weforum.org/docs/WEF_The_Global_Risks_Repo rt_2022.pdf   
625 Microsoft FY21 Digital Defense Report  
626 https://lab.cccb.org/en/wolf -wolf-alarm -over-disinformation -and-the-liars-dividend/   
627 Microsoft FY21  Digital Defense Report  
628 https://www3.weforum.org/docs/WEF_The_Global_Risks_Report_2022.pdf   
629 Samantha Bradshaw, Hannah Bailey, Philip N. Howard, Industrialised Disinformation 2020 Global Inventory of Organised Social M edia 
Manipulation, 2020, https://demtech.oii.ox.ac.uk/wp -content/uploads/sites/127/2021/01/CyberTroop -Report -2020 -v.2.pdf   
630 CTI League, Darknet Report 2021, 2021  
631 Control Risks, Disinformation will affect more than elections in 2021, February 2021, https://www.controlrisks.com/our -
thinking/insights/disinformation -will-affect -more -than-elections -in-2021   
632 socta2021_1.pdf  
633 https://www3.weforum.org/docs/WEF_The_Global_Risks_Report_2022.pdf   
634 https://www.cima.ned.org/blog/disinformation -for-hire-the-pollution -of-news -ecosystems -and-erosion -of-public -trust/   
635 Managing the COVID -19 infodemic: Promoting healthy behaviors and mitigating the harm from misinformation and disinformation, Joint statement 
by WHO, UN, UNICEF, UNDP, UNESCO, UNAIDS, ITU, UN Global Pulse, and IFRC, September 2020 ,  https://www.who.int/news/item/23 -09-2020 -
managing -the-covid -19-infodemic -promoting -healthy -behavio urs-and-mitigating -the-harm -from-misinformation -and-disinformation   
636 https://www.who.int/health -topics/infodemic/the -covid -19-infodemic#tab=tab_1    
637 https://unicri.it/sites/default/files/2021 -12/11_IF_infodemic.pdf   
638 https://www.theatlantic.com/ideas/archive/2022/03/tolerating -covid -misinformation -better -alternative/626564/   
 Please use footnotes for providing additional or explanatory information and/or relevant links. References should be listed 
in a dedicated section. Use only the function References/Insert Footnote  ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
86 
 with disi nformation and misinformation coming from politicians (29%), ordinary people (16%), activists (15%), 
journalists (11%) and foreign governments (9%) through social networks, search engines and messenger apps639. 
COVID -19 had a strong impact on the energy sect or as well as the  green transition640. During the pandemic we had a 
reduced consumption  of energy  but still an impressive consumption of carbon intensive technologies and fossil 
fuels641 642. Post-COVID -19 recovery measures mostly neglect the green transition in  favour of short -term stability, 
while loose monetary policies further distort green, market -based solutions or investments643. At the same time, 
different actors put a lot of effort into slowing the green transition by sharing disinformation and misinformat ion, and 
sowing distrust about the climate science community644. 
9.1.5  Additional Facts  
• Elections are still a major target of disinformation attacks and a critical concern645. Microsoft claim s to have 
shut down many websites used to target elected officials and cand idates, organisations that promote 
democracy, activists and the press. In this context, manipul ators of social media platforms tried to distribute 
disinformation and misinformation.  
• According to PwC646, 19% and 33% of 3,602 respondents replied 'increase significantly ' and 'increase ', 
respectively to questions: 'How do you expect a change in reportable incidents for these events in your 
organisation? How do you expect threats via these vectors/actors to change in 2022 compared to 2021? ' 
• Disinformation camp aigns are increasingly sophisticated, enlarging the scope of disinformation. The mix of 
modern computing infrastructure, social media, data generation tools, and AI approaches to disinformation 
are targeting the fundamentals of democracies647.  
• According to Microsoft648 threat actors are increasingly using cybersecurity and disinformation attacks in 
tandem to accomplish their goals.  
• In an analysis made on unmoderated platforms it was f ound that in a set of 200,000 Telegram  posts , those 
posts with links to sourc es of misleading information were shared more than the ones with links to 
professional news content, but only a few channels  were targeted649. 
• Australia developed the Australian Code of Practice on Disinformation and Misinformation, which has been  
adopted by  Twitter, Google, Facebook, Microsoft, Redbubble, TikTok, Adobe, and Apple in Australia650. 
• TikTok has been used as a disinformation vector  that benefit s from its design choice  for non-validated and 
fast video postings651. 
• Generative adversarial networks (GANs ) are increasingly used as a vector of disinformation. In 2021, non -
expert attackers used GAN to spread disinformation campaigns and spoof social media profiles652. 
  
                                                           
639 https://r eutersinstitute.politics.ox.ac.uk/sites/default/files/2021 -06/Digital_News_Report_2021_FINAL.pdf   
640 https://www3.weforum.org/docs/WEF_The_Global_Risks_Report_2022.pdf  
641 OECD  and IEA. 2021. 'Update on recent progress in reform of inefficient fossil -fuel subsidies that encourage wasteful consumption 2021 '. 
Contribution by the Organisation for Economic Co -operation and Development (OECD) and the International Energy Agency (IEA) to G20 
Environment, Climate and Energy Ministers, in consultation with the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC). C limate and Energy Joint 
Ministerial Meeting. Naples. 23 July 2021. https://www.oecd.org/g20/topics/climate -sustainab ility-and-energy/OECD -IEA-G20-Fossil -Fuel-Subsidies -
Reform -Update -2021.pdf   
642 Clark, A. 2021. 'Energy crisis sets stage for record global carbon emissions '. Bloomberg. 8 October 2021, 
https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2021 -10-08/energy -crisis -setsstage -for-record -global -carbon -emissions    
643 https ://www3.weforum.org/docs/WEF_The_Global_Risks_Report_2022.pdf  
644 https://edition.cnn.com/2021/10/28/politics/fossil -fuel-oversight -hearing -climate/i ndex.html   
645 Microsoft FY21 Digital Defense Report  
646 PwC, 2022 Global Digital Trust Insights, October 2021  
647 Microsoft FY21 Digital Defense Report  
648 Microsoft FY21 Digital Defense Report  
649 Herasimenka, A., Bright, J., Knuutila, A., Howard, P. N. (2022). Mi sinformation and professional news on largely unmoderated platforms: the case of 
Telegram. Journal of Information Technology and Politics.  
https://doi.org/10.1080/19331681.2022.2076272   
650 https://reutersinstitute.politics.ox.ac.uk/sites/default/files/2021 -06/Digital_News_Report_2021_FINAL.pdf   
651 https://www.theguardian.com/media/2022/mar/15/russia -disinformation -social -media -ukraine   
652 Sophos -2022 -threat -report.pdf  ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
87 
  
ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
88 
 10. SUPPLY CHAIN ATTACKS  
A supply chain attack  targets the relationship between organisations and their suppliers. For this ETL report we use 
the definition laid down in the ENISA Threat Landscape for Supply Chain Attacks653 where an attack is considered a 
supply chain attack when it consists of a combi nation  of at least two attacks . More specific ally, a first attack on a 
supplier that is then used to attack a target to gain access to its assets. This target can be the final customer or 
another supplier. Thus, for an attack to be classified as a supply c hain attack, both the supplier and the customer 
have to be targets.  
This definition also excludes  those incidents where , for example , developer libraries are compromised, but without 
the goal of targeting a specific  victim. We will cover these incidents br iefly because of the abundance of reports of 
these incidents as 'supply chain attack s' but we do not consider them as part of this threat landscape.  
10.1 TRENDS  
In 2020, the revelation of SolarWinds already hinted at the potential of supply chain attacks  to attackers (and 
defenders) . And as it seems, threat actors continued654 to further feed on this source to conduct their operations and 
gain a foothold within organisations. Surveys from the World Economic Forum and Anchore report that between 
39%655 and 62%656 of organisations were affected by a third -party cyber incident . And according to Mandiant657 
supply chain compromises were the second most prevalent initial infection vector identified in 2021. Furthermore, 
they also account for 17% of the intrusions in 2021 compared to less than 1% in 2020.  
These numbers have raised concerns, rightfully so, wit h the leaderships of organisations and dri bbled down to the 
attention of government s and policymakers. After all, an increase in cyber defences becomes fruitless if attackers 
have pathways directly into organisations via compromises of third -party relation ships. The European Commission 
paved the way for the NIS2  Directive658 which should address the security of supply chains, presented its 
Cybersecurity Strategy659 with proposals to strengthen defences and improve responses against malicious activities 
affectin g the supply chain and undertook an in -depth review660 of strategic areas for Europe’s interests. Along the 
same line s, the Biden administration661 issued an executive order to improve nationwide cybersecurity  in the USA .  
While the complexity of the supply ch ain and dependencies on third parties will only increase, organisations will be 
required to gain more control and visibility into the web of their supplier relationships and dependencies, possibly by 
consolidating the number of partners they rely on. Surve ys by PWC662 where only 40% of the respondents said that 
they understand their third -party cyber and privacy risks and by BlueVoyant663 where 38% of respondents said that 
they had no way of knowing when or whether  an issue arises with a third -party supplier’s cybersecurity underline this 
need. This complexity of supply chains has affect ed not only asset and vendor management, the move to the cloud, 
and the inherent trust needed in these providers, but it has also increased the risk and consequences of supply ch ain 
insecurities for many organisations664. Furthermore, the lack of clarity  in a shared responsibility model can lead to the 
security of cloud service s falling into a sort of digital no -man's land.  
                                                           
653 ENISA Threat Landscape for Supply Chain Attacks https://www.enisa.europa.eu/publications/threat -landscape -for-supply -chain -attacks   
654 Accenture Cyber Threat Intelligence Report  https://www.accenture.com/ae -en/insights/security/cyber -threat -intelligence   
655 WEF Global Cybersecurity Outlook 2022 https://www.weforum.org/reports/global -cybersecurity -outlook -2022/   
656 Anchore 2022 Security Trends: Software Supply Chain Survey https://anchore.com/blog/2022 -security -trends -software -supply -chain -survey/   
657 Mandiant M -TRENDS 2022 https://www.mandiant.com/resources/m -trends -2022   
658 EC political agreement on new rules on  cybersecurity of network and information systems 
https://ec.europa.eu/commission/presscorner/detail/en/IP_22_2985   
659 EC Cybersecurity Strategy https://digital -strategy.ec.europa.eu/en/library/eus -cybersecurity -strategy -digital -decade -0  
660 EC In -depth reviews of strategic areas for Europe’s interests https://ec.europa.eu/info/strategy/priorities -2019 -2024/europe -fit-digital-age/european -
industrial -strategy/depth -reviews -strategic -areas -europes -interests_en#cloud -and-edge -computing   
661 The White House https://www.whitehouse.gov/briefing -room/statements -releases/2022/01/19/fact -sheet -president -biden -signs -national -security -
memorandum -to-improve -the-cybersecurity -of-national -security -department -of-defense -and-intelligence -community -systems/   
662 PWC 2022 Global Digital Trust Insights Survey https://www.pwc.com/gx/en/issues/cybersecurity/global -digital -trust-insights.html   
663 BlueVoyant https://www.bluevoyant.com/news/bluevoyant -research -reveals -rise-in-suppl y-chain -cybersecurity -breaches -as-firms -struggle -to-
effectively -monitor -third-party -cyber -risk/  
664 Accenture Cyber Threat Intelligence Report  https://www.accenture .com/ae -en/insights/security/cyber -threat -intelligence   ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
89 
 Threat actors already understand fully the critical role su ppliers play, both in the digital and physical world . They have 
realised that one single incident or hiccup can easily ripple down to different industries and sectors, without much 
additional effort from their end.  
Additionally, the logistical challenges organisations experienced during the COVID -19 pandemic as well as the 
consequences of the war in Ukraine will only further fuel the discussion to find a better balance between self -reliance 
and the use of supply chai n providers, spread geographically across different areas of the world.  
10.1.1  Increased abuse of the complexity of systems and lack of visibility  
In order to be successful, organisations rely on complex systems to meet the demand s of their customers and 
address the required scale, efficiency and speed of production and delivery. These complex systems rely on a 
multitude of suppliers and the selection and management of these suppliers is shaped by a host of factors. Many 
organisations struggle with their vendor or  supplier management. An initial assessment of a supplier is often nothing 
more than a questionnaire (which on its own is sometimes already of questionable value) and, once onboarded, the 
review cycle consists of annual (or even less frequent) point -in-time reviews665 666. To complicate matters further, 
different departments within the same organisation onboard suppliers, each with different processes and functions. 
This makes it nearly impossible for organisations to gain holistic visibility into the web of their third-party relationships, 
dependencies and risks. And next to these relationships, there is often not always a good oversight of where data 
resides and which partner has access to this data, either in an online or offline form.  
It is almost -certain th at adversaries will further abuse this lack of visibility into dependencies , as well as the increased 
complexity  and the trust organisations put into their suppliers, to gain a foothold within organisations.  We need to 
highlight initiatives such as the Sof tware Bill of Materials (SBOM)667 that aim at making such things more transparent 
and auditable.  
Gaining visibility668 into the web of third -party relationships and dependencies is a must. Unfortunately , as proactive 
management of a supplier ecosystem remains difficult, most of the efforts of organisations still limit themselves to a 
reactive approach. Years ago we witnessed a shift in security monitoring and incident response activities from a 
reactive to a more proactive approach, and now third-party risk man agement will have to undergo a similar change. 
This change should also address the risk of not including suppliers in incident response plans  and exercises and not 
having clear communication pathways with vendors and suppliers for disclosures of vulnerabil ities or the coordination  
of incidents . 
Pending this change, it is almost -certain that organisations will continue to struggle with supply chain management, 
and as a consequence loose valuable resources669, while trying to grasp whether  and how a breach of a  third-party 
vendor affects them.  
10.1.2  Use of vulnerabilities in business technologies  
One of the ways  in which  threat actors have begun targeting organisations is by investing in research  into 
vulnerabilit ies in commonly used business technologies670, such as e-mail servers671 672 or knowledge management 
software673 674. After all, a vulnerability (or a chain of vulnerabilities) in one technology gives them access to multiple 
environments at once.  
In addition, highly -determined threat actors can scavenge  information o n the  infrastructure of targeted victims in 
public resources such as tenders, marketing documents or job announcements. This documentation then allows 
                                                           
665 Microsoft Digital Defense Report https://query.prod.cms.rt.microsoft.com/cms/api/am/binary/RWMFIi  
666 PWC 2022 Global D igital Trust Insights Survey https://www.pwc.com/gx/en/issues/cybersecurity/global -digital -trust-insights.html  
667 CISA, Software Bill of Materials, https://www.cisa.gov/sbom   
668 PWC 2022 Global Digital Trust Insights Survey https://www.pwc.com/gx/en/issues/cybersecurity/globa l-digital -trust-insights.html  
669 Microsoft Digital Defense Report https://query.prod.cms.rt.microsoft.com/cms/api/am/binary/RWMFIi  
670 PWC Cyber Threats 2021 A Year in Retrospect  https://www.pwc.com/gx/en/issues/cybersecurity/cyber -threat -intelligence/cyber -year-in-
retrospect/yir -cyber-threats -report -download.pdf   
671 ProxyLogon https://proxylogon.com/   
672 ProxyShell https://news. sophos.com/en -us/2021/08/23/proxyshell -vulnerabilities -in-microsoft -exchange -what -to-do/  
673 Confluence Security Advisory - 2021 -08-25 https://confluence.atlassian.com/doc/confluence -security -advisory -2021 -08-25-1077906215.html   
674 Confluence Security Advisory - 2022 -06-02 https://c onfluence.atlassian.com/doc/confluence -security -advisory -2022 -06-02-1130377146.html   
 Please use footnotes for providing additional or explanatory information and/or relevant links. References should be listed 
in a dedicated section. Use only the function References/Insert Footnote  ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
90 
 these attackers to identify the exact brand and version of technology that they need to target (or invest igate) for 
vulnerabilities.  
A side effect of the investment in resource s is that the number of 0-days being discovered675 has increased 
substantially676. And although in a lot of cases the disclosure of such 0 -days is done responsibly (with accompanying 
vendor  communication and patches), the mere fact of the publication leads to further attempts at exploit ation  by 
opportunistic threat actors seeking an easy win.  
It is very  likely that we will see an increased investment677 of resources into vulnerability research  in these supply 
chains in the near future. It is also very  likely we will continue to see attempts to exploit the situation by opportunistic 
threat actors following the disclosure of vulnerabilities in popular business technologies.  
10.1.3  Targeting security res earchers for gaining access to targets  
Vulnerability research is very expensive and requires a lot of investment in resources , partly because of the improved 
security of such technologies but also because there is always a risk that a freshly discovered vu lnerability can be  
exposed (and patched) before an attacker can make use of it. This is one of the reasons why threat groups also start 
targeting security researchers  directly678 679 680 681. After all, instead of doing the hard research yourself, why not let 
some one else do the heavy lifting and then just steal that information from them? And while the mere abuse of a 
vulnerability in a business technology does not constitute a supply chain attack according to our ETL definition, 
targeting specific researchers fir st and then using th e information  obtained  to gain access to a predetermined victim is 
certainly considered to be a supply chain attack.  
Considering the cost of vulnerability research for threat actors, it is likely we will see increased targeting of those  
individuals or organisations doing research on security flaws or vulnerabilities with the goal of stealing their findings.  
10.1.4  Increased interest of threat groups in supply chain attacks and 
attacks against MSPs  
The notorious SolarWinds compromise from 2020 w as attributed to the Russian intelligence services (SVR) affiliated 
group APT29682 683 684. This was a first warning of the increased interest of threat groups, and predominantly those 
coming from Russia and China , and to a lesser extent North Korea, in supply c hain attacks. Unfortunately, the 
SolarWinds attack was only the first of many to come.  
Threat actors linked to China  
In October 2021 a campaign from the Chinese state -sponsored threat actor, HoneyMyte685, also referred to as 
Mustang Panda, that modified a n installer  package for  fingerprint scanner software on a distribution server in Asia. 
The modified version included changes in the configuration files and the tools needed to deploy the PlugX backdoor. 
As employees of a central government in South Asia are r equired to use this software, this gave the actors remote 
access to key environments. What is i nteresting to note is that in the ESET report at the  end of 2020686 on operation 
SignSight687 688 there is reference to a modified software installer for a digital sig nature verification software via the  
                                                           
675 For example when these vulnerabilities were uncovered during incident investigations in cases where threat actors used such 0 -days to gain access 
to a victim.  
676 Project Zero: A Year in Review of 0 -days Used In -the-Wild in 2021 https://googleprojectzero.blogspot.com/2022/04/the -more -you-know -more -you-
know -you.html   
677 PWC  2022 Global Digital Trust Insights Survey https://www.pwc.com/gx/en/issues/cybersecurity/global -digital -trust-insights.html   
678 Black Hat Keynote: Supply Chai n Infections and the Future of Contactless Deliveries https://www.blackhat.com/us -21/briefings/schedule/# keynote -
supply -chain -infections -and-the-future -of-contactless -deliveries -24987   
679 For All Secure https://forallsecure.com/blog/matt -tait-warns -of-stolen -0-days -at-black -hat-usa-2021   
680 Ars Technica https://arstechnica.com/information -technology/2021/01/north -korea -hacker s-use-social -media -to-target -security -researchers/   
681 Google TAG New campaign targeting security researchers  https://blog.google/threat -analysis -group/new -campaign -targeting -security -researchers/   
682 NCSC UK https://www.ncsc.gov.uk/news/uk -and-us-call-out-russia -for-solarwinds -compromise    
683 The Register https://www.theregister.com/2021/04/15/so larwinds_hack_russia_apt29_positive_technologies_sanctions/    
684 APT29 https://apt.etda.or.th/cgi -bin/showcard.cgi?g=APT%2029%2C%20Cozy%20Bear%2C%20The% 20Dukes   
685 HoneyMyte https://apt.etda.or.th/cgi -bin/showcard.cgi?g=Mustang%20Panda%2C%20Bronze%20President   
686 Outside of our reporting period but relevant  to include as background  
687 ESET https://www.eset.com/us/about/newsroom/press -relea ses/eset -discovers -operation -signsight -supply -chain -attack -against -a-certification -
authority -in-southea -1/  
688 VinCSS https://blog.vincss.net/2020/12/re018 -1-analyzing -new-malware -of-china -panda -hacker -group -used -to-attack -supply -chain -against -vietnam -
government -certification -authority.html   
 Please use footnotes for providing additional or explanatory information and/or relevant links. References should be listed 
in a dedicated section. Use only the function References/Insert Footnote  ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
91 
 website of the government of Vietnam. APT10689, also referred to as Stone Panda, abused vulnerabilities in financial 
software that is heavily used by Taiwan securities traders690 to eventually plant the remote access tool Q uasar on 
targeted systems, while using a credential stuffing attack as a smokescreen. And finally to conclude the list of 
Chinese groups, APT41691 was likely behind a third -party attack on Air India692 and the compromise of the Mongolian 
certificat ion authorit y (CA) MonPass693. 
Threat actors linked to Russia  
Targeting mandatory or popular software used by specific targets is only the beginning for these threat groups. A 
report on APT29694 also known as The Dukes and referred to as Nobelium695 by Microsoft, covers an operation where 
this Russian group targets organ isations in the US and European IT supply chain s. In this campaign the actor 
focussed on specific resellers and technology service providers that custom ise, deploy and manage cloud services 
and other technolo gies. In these attacks the threat actors did not attempt to exploit vulnerabilities but rather used 
well-known techniques, like password spraying696 and phishing to steal legitimate credentials from the targeted 
service and then gain privileged access697 to one of the downstream customers.  
Threat actors linked to North Korea (DPRK)  
APTs also directly target suppliers of security software, such as reported by Google in which North Korean hackers 
targeted South Korean security companies that sell anti -malwa re software698. Apart from security software, attackers 
also focus699 on providers of software that give direct access, with extensive permissions, into a broad set of 
environments. Typical examples of such software include the management tools used by adminis trators, automation 
software and remote monitoring and management  tools. One of the most covered attacks was the exploitation of a 
vulnerability in the software of Kaseya. In this incident700 managed service providers (MSPs) and their customers fell 
victim t o a ransomware incident executed via the remote monitoring and management tool Kaseya Virtual System 
Administrator (VSA). I t is important to note that up to this time, there were no signs that the Kaseya buil t system s or 
source code were modified by the at tackers. Another attack method was covered by Mandiant701, where an adversary 
abused applications that were assigned permissions within multiple Azure tenants, opening the pathway for a supply 
chain attack.  
Long term access by APTs  
All this activity is an in dicator that certain state -sponsored groups  try to get long -term systematic access to these 
supply chains. The opportunities presented to these actors if they compromise key MSPs are significant, and will 
potentially allow them to acquire access to key Eur opean governments and bodies. A joint warning702 by the 
cybersecurity authorities of the United Kingdom (NCSC -UK), Australia (ACSC), Canada (CCCS), New Zealand 
(NCSC -NZ), and the United States (CISA, NSA, FBI) further strengthens this belief and calls for ac tions that MSPs, 
and their customers, can take to reduce the risk of falling victim to such intrusions.  
Furthermore the impact of operations, especially those focussed on espionage, by nation -state actors via supply 
chain attacks might not always be immedi ately noticeable by victims. And although in general the median dwell 
time703 has dropped significantly, these type s of threat actors can lurk in the dark for a very long time.  
                                                           
689 APT10 https://apt.etda.or.th/cgi -bin/showcard.cgi?g=Stone%20Panda%2C%20APT%2010%2C%20menuPass   
690 CyCraft https://medium.com/cycraft/china -implicated -in-prolonged -supply -chain -attack -targeting -taiwan -financial -sector -264b6a1c3525   
691 APT41 https://apt.etda.or.th/cgi -bin/showcard.cgi?g=APT%2041   
692 Group -IB Big airline heist https://blog.group -ib.com/colunmtk_apt41   
693 Venafi https://www.venafi.com/sites/default/files/2021 -11/Venafi_WhitePaper_CodeSigningAPT41_2021_f_0.pdf   
694 APT29 https://apt.etda.or.th/cgi -bin/showcard.cgi?g=APT%2029%2C%20Cozy%20Bear%2C%20The%20Dukes   
695 Microsoft New activity from Russian actor Nobelium https://blogs.microsoft.com/on -the-issues/2021/10/24/new -activity -from-russian -actor -nobelium/   
696 MITRE ATT&CK T1110.003 https://attack.mitre.org/techniques/T1110/003/   
697 NOBELIUM targeting delegated administrative privileges to facilitate broader attacks https://www.microsoft.com/security/blog/2021/10/25/nobelium -
targeting -delegated -administrative -privileges -to-facilitate -broader -attacks/   
698 Threat Horizons https://services.google.com/fh/files/misc/gcat_threathorizons_full_nov2021.pdf   
699 Acronis Cyberthreats Report 2022 https://dl.acronis .com/u/rc/White -Paper -Acronis -Cyber -Threats -Report -2022 -EN-US.pdf   
700 Kaseya https://helpdesk.kaseya.com/hc/en -gb/articles/4403584098961 -Incident -Overview -Technical -Details   
701 Mandiant M -TRENDS 2022 https://www.mandiant.com/resources/m -trends -2022  
702 CISA – Alert AA22 -131A https://www.cisa.gov/uscert/ncas/alerts/aa22 -131a   
703 Mandiant M -TRENDS 2022 https://www.mandiant.com/resources/m -trends -2022  
 Please use footnotes for providing additional or explanatory information and/or relevant links. References should be listed 
in a dedicated section. Use only the function References/Insert Footnote  ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
92 
 State -sponsored groups are not the only threat actors in this playing field. Thi s was painfully demonstrated by the 
operators of LockBit (ransomware) when the criminal gang stole and leaked704 705 documents from the technology 
supplier Abiom. Abiom supplies communication technology for the Dutch emergency network C2000, the Dutch 
Ministry  of Defence, the National Police and security services, amongst several other government entities.  
Considering this, it is very  likely that we will see further interest from APTs in conducting supply chain attacks , very 
likely by first compromising MSPs  before gaining access to their targets.  
10.1.5  Log4Shell  
Log4Shell is a zero -day vulnerability reported in 2021 in Log4j706, a Java logging framework, that can lead to the 
execution of arbitrary code. Although , according to the definition that is used for supply c hain attacks in this ETL, 
Log4Shell is not considered a supply chain attack (there is no combination of two attacks) , due to the overwhelming 
presence of Log4j in IT infrastructure707 it is worth covering it.  
In December 2021 Crowdstrike revealed708 an operation by Aquatic Panda709, a China -based threat group  that used 
a modified version of Log4Shell to target a vulnerable VMware Horizon instance at a large academic institution. This 
was not the only operation linked to instances in which VMware Horizo n was abused . In June 2022, both CISA and 
CGCYBER released an advisory710 711 in which they report on multiple threat actor groups that have exploited 
Log4Shell on unpatched, public -facing VMware Horizon and Unified Access Gateway servers. These threat actors 
used Log4Shell as an initial access to the environment of their victims, in one case a disaster recovery network, to 
then exfiltrate sensitive data or enable remote access to these target environments.  
It is expect ed712 that many state -operated actors are ve ry likely going to continue to integrate Log4Shell exploits  with 
their arsenal, since this library provides a valuable entry point and organisations are having a hard time identifying 
which of their assets run a vulnerable version of Log4Shell. From the po int of view of these threat actors, Log4Shell is 
however just a very lucrative access vector among a long list of other vectors.  
10.1.6  Targeting build systems, source code and developers  
Apart from the vulnerabilities in popular business technologies, there are other vulnerabilities that play a role in supply 
chain attacks.  
According to research by Palo Alto713, 21% of the security scans that they ran against development environments  
resulted in misconfigurations or vulnerabilities. The same research from Palo Alt o showed that 63% of third -party 
code templates used in building cloud infrastructure ('infrastructure as code') contained insecure configurations and 
96% of third -party container applications deployed in cloud infrastructure contain ed known vulnerabilitie s.  
Container infrastructure, and the software supply chain on which they rely, is and will very  likely remain, an expanding 
attack714 715 716 surface for supply chain attacks.  
Next to targeting container infrastructure, attacks can also directly target the sou rce717 code or the systems used to 
build and release software. One of the more stealthier attack methods for changing the source code was revealed by 
                                                           
704 RedPacket Security https://www.redpacketsecurity.com/lockbit -2-0-ransomware -victim -abiom -nl/  
705 Tweakers https://tweakers.net/nieuws/190358/criminelen -stelen -vertrouwelijke -info-bij-aanval -op-ict-leverancier -van-defensie.html   
706 Log4J https://logging.apache.org/log4j/2.x/   
707 NCSC -NL Log4Shell https://github.com/NCSC -NL/log4shell   
708 OverWatch Exposes AQUATIC PANDA in Possession of Log4Shell Exploit Tools During Hands -on Intrusion A ttempt 
https://www.crowdstrike.com/blog/overwatch -exposes -aquatic -panda -in-possession -of-log-4-shell-exploit -tools/   
709 Aquatic Panda https://apt.etda.or.th/cgi -bin/showcard.cgi?g=Aquatic%20Panda   
710 AA22 -174A https://www.cisa.gov/uscert/ncas/alerts/aa22 -174a   
711 New Milestones for Deep Panda: Log4Shell and Digitally Signed Fire Chili Rootkits https://www.fortin et.com/blog/threat -research/deep -panda -
log4shell -fire-chili-rootkits   
712 Crowdstrike 2022 Global Threat Report https://www.crowdstrike.com/global -threat -report/   
713 Palo Alto Unit 42 Cloud Thr eat Report https://www.paloaltonetworks.com/prisma/unit42 -cloud -threat -research -2h21   
714 Docker – The impacts of an insecure software supply chain https://www.docker.com/blog/the -impacts -of-an-insecure -software -supply -chain/   
715 Container solutions https://blog.container -solutions.com/wtf -can-you-do-about -software -supply -chain -attacks   
716 Aquasec Supply chain attacks using container images https ://blog.aquasec.com/supply -chain -threats -using -container -images   
717 Microsoft Supply chain attacks https://docs.microsoft.com/en -us/microsoft -365/security/intelligence/supply -chain -malware?view=o365 -worldwide   
 Please use footnotes for providing additional or explanatory information and/or relevant links. References should be listed 
in a dedicated section. Use only the function References/Insert Footnote  ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
93 
 researchers from the University of Cambridge and dubbed Trojan Source718 719. This attack uses Unicode control 
characters to reorder tokens in source code and makes use of the fact that developers sometimes copy  and paste 
useful snippets of code from online postings directly into their editors. For a human being the attack code is not 
visible in the source (dependin g on the developer toolkit that is being used), and thus it can easily find its way into the 
final released software.  
Unfortunately, despite a lot of attention being paid t o publications promoting the concept of 'shift left '720, with the goal 
of tackling se curity problems early on during the development phase of software products, there is still a lot of room 
for improvements to be made.  
Changes to source code or build systems can be used to compromise specific targets, possibly for espionage, as we 
have wit nessed with SolarWinds, and will likely continue to occur. Far more likely though is that the objective o f 
attackers is financial gain.  
10.1.7  Supply chain c ryptojacking for more financial gain  
Cryptojacking or hidden cryptomining is a type of cybercrime where a criminal secretly uses a victim’s computing  
power to generate cryptocurrency721. This objective is usually at tained by criminals by focussing on abusing or 
mimicking developer libraries722 and then hiding these libraries in commonly used software development r epositories. 
Examples include malicious packages disguised as legitimate JavaScript libraries723 or even tampering with popular 
JavaScript libraries, such as was the case with ua -parser.js724. This particular incident happened via the takeover of a 
developer a ccount and it is very  likely that we will continue to see more of this type of activity in the near future. I t is 
important to note is that, based on our definition of a supply chain attack, we do not consider these as 'real' supply 
chain attacks.  
Obvious ly cryptojacking is just one of many effects of such attacks. Criminals can use the same channels for 
ransomware, password stealing and even wiper attacks.  
  
                                                           
718 Trojan Source paper https://trojansource.codes/trojan -source.pdf   
719 Bleeping Computer https://www.bleepingcomputer.com/news/security/trojan -source -attack -method -can-hide-bugs -into-open -source -code/   
720 Sophos 2022 thr eat report https://www.sophos.com/en -us/labs/security -threat -report   
721 ENISA Threat Landscape 2021 https://www.enisa.europa.eu/publications/enisa -threat -landscape -2021   
722 Accenture Cyber Threat Intelligence Report  https://www.accenture.com/ae -en/insights/securi ty/cyber -threat -intelligence  
723 Sonatype - https://blog.sonatype.com/newly -found -npm-malware -mines -cryptocurrency -on-windows -linux-macos -devices   
724 GitHub https://github.com/faisalman/ua -parser -js/issues/536   ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
94 
  
ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
95 
 A  ANNEX : MAPPING TO MITRE 
ATT&CK FRAMEWORK  
                                                           
725 Ransomware techniques in ATT&CK,  https://healthcyber.mitre.org/blog/resources/attack -navigator/   RANSOMWARE   
The current table highlights the techniques in the MITRE ATT&CK® Framework associated with ransomware software, 
ransomware groups or both, according to  Ransom ware  techniques in ATT&CK725. Note that  this is a dynamic representation 
based on actual observation s. These can change over time as groups evolve and use new techniques. Every threat actor uses its 
own specific tools and attack patterns. This overview groups all common techniques, starting from initial access. It has been 
updated to version June 2022.  
TA0001: Initial Access  T1190: Exploit Public -Facing Application  
T1133: External Remote Services  
T1566: Phishing  
T1199: Trusted Relationship  
TA0002: Execution  T1106: Native API  
T1047: Windows Management Instrumentation  
TA0003: Persistence  T1197: BITS Jobs  
T1554: Compromise Client Software Binary  
T1136: Create Account  
T1133: External Remote Services  
TA0004: Privilege Escalation  T1134: Access Token Manipulation  
T1068: Exploitation for Privilege Escalation  
T1055: Process Injection  
TA0005: Defen ce Evasion  T1134: Access Token Manipulation  
T1197: BITS Jobs  
T1140: Deobfuscate/Decode Files or Information  
T1480: Execution Guardrails  
T1036: Masquerading  
T1112: Modify Registry  
T1027: Obfuscated Files or Information  
T1055: Process Inje ction  
T1620: Reflective Code Loading  
T1497: Virtual isation/Sandbox Evasion  
TA0006: Credential Access  T1555: Credentials from Password Stores  
T1539: Steal Web Session Cookie  
TA0007: Discovery  T1087: Account Discovery  
T1217: Browser Bookmark Discovery  
T1135: Network Share Discovery  
T1069: Permission Groups Discovery  
T1057: Process Discovery  
ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
96 
  
MALWARE ( PEGASUS FOR 
ANDROID )  
The current table highlights the techniques in the MITRE ATT&CK® Framework associated with the Pegasus spyware . The 726 
Notice Pegasus for Android is the Android version of malware that has reportedly been linked to the NSO Group  (Update August 
2022) . The iOS version is tracked separately under Pegasus for iOS. 
Mobile  T1429  Audio Capture  
Mobile  T1645  Compromise Client Software Binary  
Mobile  T1624 0.001  Event Triggered Execution: Broadcast Receivers  
Mobile  T1404  Exploitation for Privilege Escalation  
Mobile  T1644  Out of Band Data  
Mobile  T1636 0.001  Protected User Data: Calendar Entries  
Mobile  T1636 0.002  Protected User Data: Call Log  
Mobile  T1636 0.003  Protected User Data: Contact List  
Mobile  T1418  Software Discovery  
Mobile  T1409  Stored Application Data  
Mobile  T1422  System Network Configuration Discovery  
                                                           
726 https://attack.mitre.org/techniques/T1587/001/   T1012: Query Registry  
T1518: Software Discovery  
T1614: System Location Discovery  
T1033: System Owner/User Discovery  
T1124: System Time Discovery  
T1497: Virtual isation/Sandbox Evasion  
TA0008: Lateral Movement  T1210: Exploitation of Remote Services  
T1080: Taint Shared Content  
TA0009: Collection  T1560: Archive Collected Data  
T1530: Data from Cloud Storage Object  
T1213: Data from Information Repositories  
T1039: Data from Network Shared Drive  
T1113: Screen Capture  
TA0011: Command and Control  T1568: Dynamic Resolution  
T1095: Non -Application Layer Protocol  
T1071: Non -Standard Port  
T1072: Protocol Tunnelling  
T1090: Proxy  
T1102: Web Service  
TA0010: Exfiltration  T1041: Exfiltration Over C2 Channel  
TA0040: Impact  T1485: Data Destruction  
T1499: Endpoint Denial of Service  
T1489: Service Stop  
ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
97 
 Mobile  T1512  Video Capture  
 
SOCIAL ENGINEERING   
The current table highlights the techniques in the MITRE ATT&CK® Framework associated with social engineering. Note that  this 
is a dynamic representation  based on actual observations. These can change over time as groups evolve and use new 
techniques. Every threat actor uses its own specific tools and attack patterns. This overview groups all common techniques.  
In addition, we only list those techniques re levant for social engineering . We do not include the techniques commonly used for 
follow -up activity (including for example the methods showing how malicious documents can execute).  
TA0043: Reconnaissance  T1595: Active Scanning  
T1592: Gather Victim Host Information  
T1589: Gather Victim Identity Information  
T1590: Gather Victim Network Information  
T1591: Gather Victim Org Information  
T1598: Phishing for Information  
T1597: Search Closed Sources  
T1596: Search Open Technical Databases  
T1593: Search Open Websites/Domains  
T1594: Search Victim -Owned Websites  
TA0042: Resource Development  T1583: Acquire Infrastructure  
T1586: Compromise Accounts  
T1584: Compromise Infrastructure  
T1587: Develop Capabilities  
T1585: Establish Accounts  
T1588: Obtain Capabilities  
T1608: Stage Capabilities  
TA0001: Initial Access  T1133: External Remote Services  
T1566: Phishing  
T1199: Trusted Relationship  
T1078: Valid Accounts  
TA0002: Execution  T1204: User Execution  
 
THREATS AGAINST DATA  
 
The anatomy of data exfiltration is depicted in the following table, which includes the techniques that may be used in each kill 
chain phase and lead to data exfiltration or data breach or identity theft. The construction of the table is based on the MIT RE 
ATT&CK® 727 knowledge base. MITRE ATT&CK® provides information regarding the behaviour of cyber adversaries and a 
taxonomy of adversarial actions. The techniques leading to data exfiltration were selected using the MITRE ATT&CK® part for 
Enterprise, which covers beha viours against enterprise IT networks and the cloud . 
DATA EXFILTRATION   
TA0003: Persistence  T1197: BITS Jobs  
                                                           
727 MITRE ATT&CK®, https://attack.mitre .org/  
ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
98 
 TA0005: Defence Evasion  T1197: BITS Jobs  
T1599: Network Boundary Bridging  
TA0009: Collection  T1560: Archive Collected Data  
T1005: Data from Local System  
T1039: Data from Network Shared Drive  
T1025: Data from Removable Media  
T1074: Data Staged  
TA0010: Exfiltration  T1020: Automated Exfiltration  
T1048: Exfiltration Over Alternative Protocol  
T1041: Exfiltration Over C2 Cha nnel  
T1011: Exfiltration Over Other Network Medium  
T1052: Exfiltration Over Physical Medium  
T1567: Exfiltration Over Web Service  
T1029: Scheduled Transfer  
T1537: Transfer Data to Cloud Account  
 
 
THREATS AGAINST AVAI LABILITY  (DDOS)  
The anatomy of Denial of Services attacks and web attacks are depicted in the following figures, which includes the techniques 
that may be used in each kill chain phase. The table is constructed based on the MITRE ATT&CK® 728 knowledge base. MITRE 
ATT&CK® provides informati on regarding the behaviour of cyber adversaries and a taxonomy of adversarial actions. The 
techniques are selected using the MITRE ATT&CK® part for Enterprise, which covers behaviours against enterprise IT networks 
and the cloud.  
DOS   
TA0042: Resource Development  T1583: Acquire Infrastructure  
T1583.005: Botnet  
T1584: Compromise Infrastructure  
T1584.005: Botnet  
TA0005: Defen ce Evasion  T1553: Subvert Trust Controls  
T1553.003: SIP and Trust Provider Hijacking  
TA0040: Impact  T1485: Data Destruction  
T1489: Service Stop  
T1499: Endpoint Denial of Service  
T1499.003: Application Exhaustion Flood  
T1499.004: Application or System Exploitation  
T1499.001: OS Exhaustion Flood  
T1499.002: Service Exhaustion Flood  
T1498: Network Denial of Service  
T1498.001: Direct Network Flood  
T1498.002: Reflection Amplification  
 
                                                           
728 MITRE ATT&CK®, https://attack.mitre.org /  
ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
99 
  
THREATS AGAINST AVAILABILITY - 
INTERNET  THREATS   
The current table highlights the techniques in the MITRE ATT&CK® Framework associated with ransomware software, 
ransomware groups or both according to the legend729. Note that this is a dynamic representation based on actual observations. 
These can change over time as groups evolve and use new techniques. Every threat actor uses its own specific t ools and attack 
patterns. This overview groups all common techniques.  
TA0001: Initial Access  T1189: Drive -by Compromise  
TA0007: Discovery  T1046: Network Service Scanning  
TA0009: Collection  T1557:  Adversary -in-the-Middle  
TA0040: Impact  T1498: Network Denial Of Service  
 
 
DISINFORMATION - MISINFORMATION   
It is important to note that disinformation and misinformation attacks are among the preparatory activities at the basis of o ther 
attacks (e.g. phishing, social engineering, malware infection). The MITRE ATT&CK® graph below can give an idea of the link 
between disinformation/misinformation and connected attacks . 
TA0043: Reconnaissance  T1592: Gather Victim Host Information  
T1589: Gather Victim Identity Information  
T1590: Gather Victim Network Information  
T1591: Gather Victim Org Information  
T1598: Phishing for Information  
T1597: Search Closed Sources  
T1596: Search Open Technical Databases  
T1593: Search Open Websites/Domains  
T1594: Search Victim -Owned Websites  
TA0042: Resource D evelopment  T1586: Compromise Accounts  
T1585: Establish Accounts  
TA0001: Initial Access  T1566: Phishing  
TA0002: Execution  T1203: Exploitation for Client Execution  
T1204: User Execution  
TA0040: Impact  T1565: Data Manipulation  
T1491: Defacement  
 
                                                           
729 Ransomware techniques in ATT&CK,  https://healthcyber.mitre.org/blog/resources/attack -navigator/   
ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
100 
 SUPPLY CHAIN ATTACKS   
The current table highlights the techniques in the MITRE ATT&CK® Framework associated with supply chain attacks. Note that 
this is a dynamic representation based on actual observations. These can change over time as groups evolve and use new 
techniques. Every threat actor uses its own specific tools and at tack patterns. This overview groups all common techniques.  
In addition, we only list those techniques relevant for supply chain attacks, and do not include the techniques commonly used for 
follow -up activity.  
In addition to the MITRE ATT&CK Framework , it is useful to note that MITRE revealed its 'System of Trust Framework ' 730 in 
June 2022. This framework builds a basis f or trust by identifying the three main trust aspects of supply chain security, suppliers, 
supplies and services, and then identifying and addressing 14 top -level risk areas  that require evaluation . The framework offers a 
comprehensive, consistent and repeata ble methodology for evaluating suppliers, supplies and service providers.  
TA0043: Reconnaissance  T1595: Active Scanning  
T1592: Gather Victim Host Information  
T1589: Gather Victim Identity Information  
T1590: Gather Victim Network Information  
T1591: Gather Victim Org Information  
T1598: Phishing for Information  
T1597: Search Closed Sources  
T1596: Search Open Technical Databases  
T1593: Search Open Websites/Domains  
T1594: Search Victim -Owned Websites  
TA0042: Resource Development  T1583: Acquire Infrastructure  
T1586: Compromise Accounts  
T1584: Compromise Infrastructure  
T1587: Develop Capabilities  
T1585: Establish Accounts  
T1588: Obtain Capabilities  
T1608: Stage Capabilities  
TA0001: Initial Access  T1195: Supply Chain Compromise  
T1195.001: Compromise Software Dependencies and Development Tools  
T1195.002: Compromise Software Supply Chain  
T1195.003: Compromise Hardware Supply Chain  
T1200: Hardware Additions  
T1199: Trusted Relationship  
 
  
                                                           
730 MITRE SoT : https://sot.mitre.org/   
ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
101 
  
ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
102 
 B  ANNEX:  INDICATIVE  LIST OF 
INCIDENTS  
This Annex  present s a non -exhaustive list of relevant incidents, alongside their geographic spread  or proximity and 
associated time of occurrence . It is important to note that by analysing the incidents presented as well as the full list 
of incidents related to threats menti oned in the ETL, ENISA determined the trends described in the previous sections.  
The incidents that constitute each list were selected based on the following criteria: (a) the geographical spread of the 
attack, (b) the impact of the incident, (c) an innova tive technique used for the attack, and (d) the existence of an 
unprecedented element (e.g. first incident in which a patient died because of a ransomware attack).  
B.1 RANSOMWARE  
Table 3: Notable ransomware incidents  
Time  Geographical 
Spread  Description  
November 2021  NEAR  Media Mark t, a German electronic retailer, was hit by Hive ransomware, impacting 49 
stores in the Netherlands. The infection caused impact s on retrieving orders and 
returns in the store. Interestingly, a Dutch reporter got insight into the communication 
between Hive and the company, revealing they had not paid the ransom731. 
December 2021  NEAR  French IT services company Inetum Group732 suffered a ransomware attack . 
Although unconfirmed, the attack is attributed to ALPH V. Official statements mention 
only a  limited impact on the business and its customers . This attack follows the BGH 
trend, with large corporations being targeted, as impact could ca use a tickle -down 
effect on its customers.  
December 2021  NEAR  Nordic Choice Hotels  was impacted by Conti ransomware. The incident impact ed 
the hotel's guest reservation and room key card systems733. Guests reported their key 
cards to be out of service.  
January 2022  NEAR  Ministry of Justice in France : threat actors who are using ransomware LockBit 2.0 have 
posted a message on their Tor -based leak website claiming to have stolen files from 
the Ministry of Justice’s systems734. 
February 2022  MID Swissport, an Airport management services company : the BlackCat  ransomware 
group, aka ALPHV, claimed responsibility for the recent cyberattack on  Swissport that 
caused flight delays and service disruptions735. 
February 2022  GLOBAL  Nvidia Corp (Lapus$ ransomware gang) : 'Lapsus$ ' took responsibility for the breach 
on its Telegram channel and claims to have stolen 1 terabyte of information, including 
'highly confidential/secret data ' and proprietary source code736. 
                                                           
731 https://www.rtlnieuws.nl/tech/artikel/5289859/mediamarkt -ransomware -hive-cybercriminelen -onderhandelingen -helpdesk   
732 https://www.bleepingcomputer.com/news/security/global -it-services -provider -inetum -hit-by-ransomware -attack/   
733 https://www.nordicchoicehotels.com/blog/information/virus -attacks   
734 https://www.securityweek.com/fre nch-ministry -justice -targeted -ransomware -attack   
735 https://www.bleepingcomputer.com/news/security/blackcat -alphv -claims -swissport -ransomware -attack -leaks -data/   
736 https://techcrunch.com/2022/03/01/nvidia -hackers -leak-
ransomware/?guccounter=1&guce_referrer=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuZ29vZ2xlLmNvbS8&guce_referrer_sig=A QAAABLSW3zgbwSA8dqCyWUEpL5VIsKn
zp7GvT5_5Htu8RWj3RvravTSNwfKh5lDoJ7IFaSdbEYkV7r1TpTm9WwcImmsXZP9HBASkWscsSBajOKR6EBjpvf0zGd_tfHo5x16Ly9JDI2qyO1qP3rB
PcWllmIKNtE_cdZmyrPO3pIuz3Ga   ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
103 
 Time  Geographical 
Spread  Description  
March 2022  FAR Toyota Motor suspended operations in 28 pr oduction lines across 14 plants in Japan 
for at least a day after a key supply chain player was hit by a suspected cyberattack.  
The incident affected Toyota’s plastic parts and electronic components supplier Kojima 
Industries on February 24.  
The firm said it discovered a malware infection and a 'threatening message ' on 
rebooting after a file error on its server. The nature of events suggests that Kojima 
Industries was likely a victim of a ransomware attack.  
 
B.2 MALWARE  
Table 4: Notable malware incidents  
Time  Geographical 
Spread  Description  
June  2022  GLOBAL  CYBERATTACK AGAINST A DISCORD NFT SERVER : hackers escalate phishing 
and scamming attacks to exploit popular Discord bot and persuade users to click on 
the malicious links737. 
July 2022  MID UAC -0056 target Ukraine in its latest campaign with Cobalt Strike beacon738.  
July 2022  NEAR  EU Commission alarmed by new spyware case against Greek socialist leader . 
The leader of Greece's socialist opposition PASOK party filed a complaint with the 
country's top court prosecutors on Tuesday over an attempted bugging of his mobile 
phone with surveillance software (PREDATOR)739. 
 
B.3 SOCIAL ENGINEERING  
Table 5: Notable social engineering incidents   
Time  Geographical 
Spread  Description  
November 2021  NEAR  IKEA email systems hit by cyberattack: threat actors targeted employees in 
internal phishing attacks using stolen reply -chain emails740.  
December 2021  NEAR  Phishing campaign using QR codes targeting German e -banking users : the 
messages that were used in a campaign used QR codes to deceive users of two 
German financial institutions, Sparkasse and Volksbanken Raiffeisenbanken, and 
steal digital banking information741. 
                                                           
737 https://threatpost.com/scammers -target -nft-discord -channel/179827/   
738 https://www.malwareby tes.com/blog/threat -intelligence/2022/07/cobalt -strikes -again -uac-0056 -continues -to-target -
ukraine -in-its-latest -campaign   
739 https://www.reuters.com/world/europe/greek -socialist -leader -files-complaint -over-attempted -phone -bugging -2022 -07-26/  
740 https://www.bleepingcomp uter.com/news/security/ikea -email -systems -hit-by-ongoing -cyberattack/   
741 https://securityaffairs.co/wordpress/125540/cyber -crime/phishing -qr-codes.html  
 Please use footnotes for providing additional or explanatory information and/or relevant links. References should be listed 
in a dedicated section. Use only the function References/Insert Footnote  ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
104 
 Time  Geographical 
Spread  Description  
March 2022  NEAR  Chinese phishing actors consistently targeting EU diplomats: TA416 (aka Mustang 
Panda) has been consistently targeting European diplomats since August 2020, with 
the most recent activity involving refreshed lures to coincide with the Russian invasion 
of Ukraine742. 
April 2022 GLOBAL  Multiple Hacker Groups Capital ising on Ukraine Conflict for Distributing Malware : at 
least three different advanced persistent threat (APT) groups from across the world 
launched spear -phishing campaigns in mid -March 2022 using the ongoing Russo -
Ukrainian war as a lure to distribute malware and steal sensitive information743. 
 
B.4 THREATS AGAINST DATA  
Table 6: Notable incidents against data  
Time  Geographical 
Spread  Description  
June -July 2022  FAR Professional Finance Company (PFC USA) has been the target of a data breach that 
impacted patients of over 650 healthcare providers across the USA744. 
June 2022  FAR NFT marketplace OpenSea underwent a mail data breach. An internal attack by an 
employee of an e-mail vendor contractor was executed to share e-mail addresses of 
OpenSea users and newsletter subscribers745. 
June 2022  FAR The data of 1.5 million customers was breached by security incidents at Flagstar 
Bank746. 
January 2022  FAR Reports described a possible massive medical data breach in Indonesia. According 
to Antaranews, 720  GB of medical data were sold on the dark web contained medical 
information from diff erent hospitals747. 
December 2021  GLOBAL  FlexBooker, an appointment scheduling and calendar service, suffered a data breach 
of 3.7 million accounts, which was executed after a DDoS attack that targeted the 
company’s Amazon AWS server748. The attack was carried by  the threat group 
Uawrongteam and was probably a distraction for implementing the data breach.  
November 2021  FAR Online stock trading platform Robinhood was hit by a cyberattack resulting in the 
breach of more than five million customer e-mail addresses and two million customer 
names, including a smaller amount of specific customer data749 750 751. The attack was 
caused by a socially engineering attack against a customer service representative to 
get access to customer support  systems.  
October 2021  NEAR  The COVID  app of Belgium was attacked causing a data breach. The personal data 
of 39,000 people was exposed752. 
                                                           
742 https://www.bleepingcomputer.com/news/security/chinese -phishing -actors -consistently -targeting -eu-diplomats/   
743 https://thehackernews.com/2022/04/multiple -hacker -groups -capitalizing -on.html   
744 https://www.securityweek.com/data -breach -pfc-usa-impacts -patients -650-healthcare -providers   
745 https://techcrunch.com/2022/06/30/nft -opensea -data-breach/   
746 https://www.zdnet.com/article/1 -5-million -customers -impacted -in-flagstar -data-breach/   
747 https://en.tempo.co/read/1547439/health -ministry-responds -to-massive -data-leak-of-medical -records   
748 https://www.cpomagazine.com/cyber -security/3 -7-million -flexbooker -accounts -leaked -to-hacker -forum -after-ddos -attack/   
749 https://techcrunch.com/2021/11/09/robinhood -data-breach/   
750 https://blog.robinhood.com/news/2021/11/8/data -security -incident   
751 https://www.wsav.com/wp -content/uploads/sites/75/2022/01/2022 0124_ITRC -2021 -Data -Breach -Report.pdf   
752 https://www.bloombergquint.com/onweb/belgium -s-covid -app-reports -data-breach -days -before -pass -rollout  
 Please use footnotes for providing additional or explanatory information and/or relevant links. References should be listed 
in a dedicated section. Use only the function References/Insert Footnote  ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
105 
 Time  Geographical 
Spread  Description  
October 2021  FAR South African banks reported a possible data breach involving more than 1.4 million 
South African citizens753. 
October 2021  FAR Security Researcher Jeremiah Fowler in collaboration with the Cooltechzone research 
team reported finding an unprotected database containing over 82 million records 
belonging to multiple companies such as , for instance , Whole Foods Market and 
Skaggs public safety754. 
September 2021  FAR The cybercriminal group DarkSide launched a DDoS attack against Colonial Pipeline, 
the largest refined oil pipeline system in the US A755. The company lost access to 
computer systems and suffered a data breach of over 100 GB of corporate data756.  
September 2021  NEAR  A Paris hospital system has been reported as the target of a data breach that resulted 
in the theft of the COVID  test data of 1.4 million people757. 
August 2021  NEAR  T-Mobile has reported be ing hit by a sophisticated cyberattack against its systems, 
through an unprotected network access device, which resulted in a massive data 
breach758 759 760. According to T -Mobile: approximately 7.8 million current T -Mobile 
post-paid customer accounts’ information appears to be contained in the stolen files, 
as well as just over 40 million records of former or prospective customers who had 
previously applied for credit with T -Mobile.  
July 2021  FAR Kaseya Virtual Systems Administrator (VSA) has been hit by REvil ransomware to 
attack Managed Security Service Providers that controlled the infrastructure of 
thousands of companies761. It is not reported how many of the millions of end point 
systems were encrypted.  
 
B.5 THREATS AGAINST AVAI LABILITY  (DDOS)  
Table 7: Notable incidents against availability  
Time  Geographical 
Spread  Description  
April 2022  FAR One of the largest HTTPS DDoS attacks targeted a Cloudflare customer on the 
Professional (Pro) plan operating a crypto launchpad762. The attack was launched at 
15M rps and , according to Cloudfare , mostly came from data centr es with a botnet of 
about 6,000 bots from  112 countries.  
March 2022  FAR The largest ever DDoS cyberattack in Israel targeted the Ministr ies of Interior, Defen ce, 
Health, Justice, Welfare and the Prime Minister 's Office763. The d omain gov.il was 
under attack, making different websites unavailable d uring the day764. 
                                                           
753 https://portswigger.net/daily -swig/millions -of-south -africans -caught -up-in-security -incident -after-debt-recovery -firm-suffers -significant -data-breach   
754 https://cooltechzone.com/leaks/enterprise -software -developer -exposed -millions -of-logging -records -of-amazon -owned -company   
755 Trend micro - toward a new momentum security predictions for 2022  
756 Trend Micro. (Sept. 14, 2021).  Trend Micro. “Attacks From All Angles: 2021 Midyear Cybersecurity Report.” Accessed on Nov. 25, 2021, at 
https://www.trendmicro.com/vinfo/us/security/research -and-analysis/threat -reports/roundup/attacks -from-all-angles -2021 -midyear -security -roundup .  
757 https://www.rfi.fr/en/france/20210916 -hackers -steal -covid -test-data-of-1-4-million -people -from-paris -hospital -system   
758 https://www.t -mobile.com/news/network/additional -information -regarding -2021 -cyberattack -investigation   
759 https://www.verizon.com/business/resources/reports/2022/dbir/2022 -data-breach -investigations -report -dbir.pdf   
760 https://www.wsav.com/wp -content/uploads/sites/75/2022/01/20220124_ITRC -2021 -Data -Breach -Report.pdf   
761 https://www.verizon.com/business/resources/reports/2022/dbir/2022 -data-breach -investigations -report -dbir.pdf   
762 https://blog.cloudflare.com/15m -rps-ddos -attack/   
763 https://www.infosecurity -magazine.com/news/israeli -goverment -websites -offline/   
764 https://portswigger.net/daily -swig/israeli -government -websites -temporarily -knocked -offline -by-massive -cyber -attack   
 Please use footnotes for providing additional or explanatory information and/or relevant links. References should be listed 
in a dedicated section. Use only the function References/Insert Footnote  ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
106 
 Time  Geographical 
Spread  Description  
December 2021  NEAR  The largest DDoS attack on mobile network operators in Poland, as well as the largest 
hitting T -Mobile, was observed765. Critical systems were not compromised and the 
attack was mitigated.  
November 2021  FAR Microsoft mitigated a DDoS attack with a throughput of 3.47 Tbps and a packet rate of 
340 million packets per second (pps)766. The attack targeted an Azure customer in Asia 
and originated from about 10,000 sources and multiple countries. UDP reflection on 
port 80 was used with Simple Service Discovery Protocol (SSDP), Connection -less 
Lightweight Directory Access Protocol (CLDAP), Domain Name System (DNS), and 
Network Time Protocol (NTP). The attack duration was about 15 minutes.  
November 2021  GLOBAL  Silverline mitigated a huge attack targeting an ISP/hosting customer. The attack 
duration lasted  four minutes with a maximum bandwidth of 1.4 Tbps767. The attack 
combined volumetric (DNS reflection) and application -layer (HTTPS GET floods).  
September 2021  MID Russian company Yandex was hit by a massive volumetric DDoS attack with nearly 22 
million requests per second (RPS). The attack started in August and reached its peak 
on 5 September768. Meris botnet was used to execute the attack with an estimate d 
200,000 bots.769  
September 2021  FAR Critical services in New Zealand, including banks, post offices  and weather forecasters, 
were the target of a wave of DDoS attacks770. The attack s were  claimed to be a 
continuation of an attack against Vocus, the nation's third -largest ISP, which caused 
disruption to some of its customers771.  
August 2021  GLOBAL  Cloudfare customers were the target of a HTTP Volumetric DDoS attack that peaked 
at 17.2 million request s-per-second. According to Cloudfare this attack reached 68% 
of our Q2 average rps rate of legitimate HTTP traffic772. The traffic was generated using 
Meris botnet, including more than 20,000 bots in 125 countries around the world773. 
 
Table 8: Ukraine -Russia related attacks774 
Time  Geographical 
Spread  Description  
April 2022  MID The Ukrainian Postal service Ukrposhta was the target of a DDoS attack just after it 
released a postal stamp picturing the war between Russia and Ukraine775. Online store 
and other Ukrposhta systems were temporarily not working ( for almost 38 hours)776. 
                                                           
765 https://blog.mazebolt.com/list -of-ddos -attacks -december -2021?hsCtaTracking=046863b8 -4bb8 -4660 -a086 -5aec1133ad6d%7Ccab6a12d -d3ab -
4227 -9dd0 -41bf27d5e5f1   
766 https://azure.microsoft.com/en -us/blog/azure -ddos -protection -2021 -q3-and-q4-ddos -attack -trends/   
767 https://www.f5.com/labs/articles/threat -intelligence/2022 -application -protection -report -ddos -attack -trends   
768 https://kfgo.com/2021/09/09/russias -yandex -says-it-repelled -biggest -ddos -attack -in-history/   
769 https://www.israeldefense.co.il/en/node/51843   
770 https://www.theregister.com/2021/09/08/new_zealand_ddos_attacks_widespread/   
771 https://www.theregister.com/2021/09/03/nz_outage/   
772 https://blog.cloudflare.com/cloudflare -thwarts -17-2m-rps-ddos -attack-the-largest -ever-reported/   
773 https://blog.cloudflare.com/meris -botnet/   
774 Sophos is monitoring cyberattacks under the Russia -Ukraine war. https://news.sophos.com/en -us/2022/03/21/russia -ukraine -war-related -
cyberattack -developments/   
775 https://www.euronews.com/next/2022/04/22/ukraine -s-postal -service -hit-by-cyberattack -after-moskva -warship -stam p-goes -on-sale-online   
776 https://www.cybersecurity -insiders.com/ddos -cyber -attack -on-ukraines -postal -department/   
 Please use footnotes for providing additional or explanatory information and/or relevant links. References should be listed 
in a dedicated section. Use only the function References/Insert Footnote  ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
107 
 Time  Geographical 
Spread  Description  
March 2022  MID Zscaker reported a series of  HTTP -based DDoS attacks o n the Ukrainian Ministry of 
Defen ce’s webmail server. The threat actor based its activities on DanaBot, a Malware -
as-a-Service platform, to deliver a second -stage malware payload using the download 
and execute command777.  
March 2022  MID Triolan, a major Ukrainian Internet provider has been the target of severe DDoS 
attacks, causing severe internet outages during the Russian invasion. In particular, 
some internal devices were reset to factory settings. Triolan suspended services for a 
day, while Ukrtelecom experienced a different internet blackout778 779. 
February 2022  MID Different DDoS attacks targeted the website of Ukraine’s Ministry of Defen ce and 
various financial institutions such as Oschadbank and PrivatBank, as well as the 
hosting pro vider Mirohost. The attack was based on flooding with incoming messages, 
connection requests and malformed packets780. Ukraine’s public radio was also 
attacked. Customers of Privat Bank also received a message alerting them that the 
bank’s ATM machines were n ot working, causing confusion781. Additional attacks 
targeted the websites of Ukraine's Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Ministry of Internal 
Affairs, the Security Service of Ukraine, and the Cabinet of Ministers . 
February 2022  MID A DDoS attack made Russian state news site RT unavailable for a couple of days. The 
hacktivist collective Anonymous seem s to have claimed responsibility for the attack782. 
February 2022  MID Rostec, a Russian state -owned aerospace and defen ce conglomerate, was a target of 
a DDoS attack that took its website down. The attack was apparently brought by the IT 
Army, a large group of volunteers that have been targeting Russian state networks and 
organ isations since Russia's invasion783. 
 
Table 9: Attacks on the web and media 
Time  Geographical 
Spread  Description  
April 2022  NEAR  The Romanian national cyber security and incident response team, DNSC,  reported 
an attack from pro -Russian group Killnet, which targeted several public government 
sites with a high number of requests and a high volume of data. The attack exploited 
compromised network equipment  outside the country and targeted web apps (OSI 
level 7)784. 
April 2022  NEAR  Estonian government websites were temporarily blocked by DDoS attacks querying 
them several thousand times the normal traffic flow785. 
December 2021  
March 2022  FAR Philippines media was the target of a wave of DDoS attacks. In March 2022, the online 
news platform Interaksyon, news and information website PressOne.ph, newspaper 
Mindanao Gold Star Daily came under malicious DDoS attacks flooding their web 
sites786 787. 
                                                           
777 https://www.zscaler.com/blogs/security -research/danabot -launches -ddos -attack -against -ukrainian -ministry -defense   
778 https://www.cpomagazine.com/cyber -security/major -ukrainian -internet -provider -triolan -suffers -severe -cyber -attacks -and-infrastructure -destruction -
during -russian -invasion/   
779 https://blog.mazebolt.com/list -of-ddos -attacks -march -2022   
780 https://www.computerweekly.com/news/252513489/DDoS -attacks -hit-Ukrainian -defence -ministry -and-banks   
781 https://therecord.media/ddos -attacks -hit-websites -of-ukraines -state -banks -defense -ministry -and-armed -forces/   
782 https://www.wired.com/story/russia -ukraine -ddos -nft-nsa-security -news/   
783 https://www.bleepingcomputer.com/news/security/russian -defense -firm-rostec - shuts -down -website -after-ddos -attack/   
784 https://www.bleepingcomputer.com/news/security/russian -hacktivists -launch -ddos -attacks -on-romanian -govt-sites/   
785 https://news.err.ee/1608575371/ddos -attacks -on-estonian -state -sites-continued -over-weekend   
786 https://blog.mazebolt.com/list -of-ddos -attacks -march -2022   
787 https://newsinfo.inquirer.net/1569602/3 -more -news -sites-under -cyberattack -nujp  
 Please use footnotes for providing additional or explanatory information and/or relevant links. References should be listed 
in a dedicated section. Use only the function References/Insert Footnote  ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
108 
 Time  Geographical 
Spread  Description  
In February 2022, a DDoS attack targeted the CNN Philippines website during  a 
presidential debate, causing one of the candidates to remai n off debate788.  
In December 2021, ABS -CBN was made unavailable for 6 hours789, while Rappler web 
site received a DDoS peaking at 650, 000 rps790, followed by another one peaking at 
one million rps.  
December 2021  GLOBAL  FlexBooker, an appointment scheduling and calendar service, suffered a data breach 
of 3.7 million accounts, which was executed after a DDoS attack that targeted the 
company’s Amazon AWS servers791. The attack was carried out by threat group 
Uawrongteam and w as probably a distraction for implementing the data breach.  
September 2021  NEAR  The website of the Federal Returning Officer in Germany was the target of a DDoS 
attack related to the September elections of the Bundestag . According to Germany, it 
probably originat ed in Russia with the goal o f gaining access to the private e -mail 
accounts of federal and regional MPs792. 
July 2021  FAR BitCoin.org was the target of a RDoS composed of a massive volumetric DDoS attack 
with a ransom demand of 0.5 Bitcoin (BTC)793. 
July 2021  MID Infosecurity magazine was the target of a DDoS attack, which made the web site 
unavailable and caused a switch to a  more robust hosting provider794.  
 
Table 10: Attacks on internet, infrastructure, and telecommunication providers  
Time  Geographical 
Spread  Description  
May 2022  NEAR  The Port of London Authority was hit by a DDoS that took its website offline for 24 
hours. The attack was launched by  Pro-Iran Group A ltahrea795. 
May 2022  NEAR  Italian websites of the Senate, the Ministry of Defence and the National Health Institute 
were targeted by a DDoS attack launched by Russian hackers with the intent of 
targeting NATO countries796. 
March 2022  FAR The Israeli ISP Cellcom was the target of a large -scale DDoS attack, which resulted in 
government resources, that is, ministry websites, being offline for a while.  
January 2022  MID Andorra Telecom was hit by a DDoS attack that temporally stop ped communications 
in the country797. According to the media the targets were the participants in the Twitch 
Rivals Squidcraft Games, a Minecraft tournament based on Squid Game798. There are 
susp icions  that the target was not the Andorra government and its citizens ( they were 
just collateral da mage) but rather some Andorra streamers who were unable to 
continue the game to win the top prize of $100,000.  
                                                           
788 https://newsinfo.inquirer.net/1560772/cyber -attack -hits-cnn-philippines -website -during -presidential -debate   
789 https://news.abs -cbn.com/news/12/11/21/abs -cbn-news-website -hit-by-cyber -attack   
790 https://www.rappler.com/technology/rappler -website -under -cyberattack/   
791 https://www.cpomagazine.com/cyber -security/3 -7-million -flexbooker -accounts -leaked -to-hacker -forum -after-ddos -attack/   
792 https://www.straitstimes.com/world/europe/german -election -authority -confirms -likely -cyber -attack   
793 https://decrypt. co/75276/bitcoin -org-reportedly -hit-ddos -attack -ransom -demand   
794 https://techgenix.com/infosecurity -magazine -ddos -attack/   
795 https://www.hackread.com/pro -iran-altahrea -hit-port-of-london -website -ddos -attack/   
796 csis.org/programs/strategic -technologies -program/significant -cyber -incidents  
797 https://therecord.media/ddos -attacks -on-andorras -internet -linked -to-squid -game -minecraft -tournament/   
798 https://www.tomshardware.com/news/minecraft -ddos -attack -leaves -small -european -country -without -internet   
 Please use footnotes for providing additional or explanatory information and/or relevant links. References should be listed 
in a dedicated section. Use only the function References/Insert Footnote  ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
109 
 Time  Geographical 
Spread  Description  
January 2022  FAR A wave of DDoS attacks targeted North Korea and its infrastructures, taking them out 
of connectivity for hours and affecting t he connectivity of 25 million people799. North 
Korea’s core services were unreachable causing North Korea to disappear from the 
internet800 801. The a ttacks implemented a flooding approach with unusual ly high 
volumes of data traffic802. According to Seoul -based NK Pro, log files and network 
records showed websites on North Korean web domains were largely unreachable 
because North Korea’s Domain Name System (DNS) stopped communicating the 
routes that data packets should take803. 
October 2021  FAR NITCO ISP received a massive DDoS attack, flooding the network and affecting the 
operation of NITCO’s services804. The attack originated from a large botnet805. 
September 2021  FAR The cybercriminal group DarkSide launched a DDoS attack against Colonial Pipeline, 
the largest refined oil pipeline system in the US A806. The company lost access to 
computer systems and suffered a data breach of over 100 GB of corporate data807. 
DarkSide offers both DDoS and call centr e services, guaranteeing their custome rs to 
support quadruple extorsion techniques808 809affecting whole supply chains810 811. 
According to Trend Micro812 malicious actors could deny access to critical data such 
as manufacturing secrets, withhold access to machines used in production or contact 
customers and stakeholders to pressure victim organ isations to pay up.  
July 2021  FAR Kaseya Virtual Systems Administrator (VSA) was hit by REvil ransomware to attack 
Managed Security Service Providers that controlled the infrastructure of thousands of 
companies813. It is not reported how many of the millions of end point systems were 
encrypted.  
 
B.6 THREATS AGAINST AVAI LABILITY (INTERNET T HREATS)  
Table 11: Notable incidents against availability  
Time  Geographical 
Spread  Description  
                                                           
799 https://blog.mazebolt.com/list -of-ddos -attacks -january -2022?hsCtaTracking=125a9135 -2b30 -4f1d-af7a-0385ee0494c7%7C4530f3bc -b5e5 -4ce2 -
9809 -5faca26a9780   
800 https://www.nknews.org/2022/01/north -korea -kicked -off-internet -by-suspected -ddos -attack/   
801 https://blog.mazebolt.com/list -of-ddos -attacks -january -2022?hsCtaTracking=125a9135 -2b30 -4f1d-af7a-0385ee0494c7%7C4530f3bc -b5e5 -4ce2 -
9809 -5faca26a9780   
802 https://www.reuters.com/world/asia -pacific/nkorean -internet -downed -by-suspected -cyber -attacks -researchers -2022 -01-26/  
803 https://www.reuters.com/world/asia -pacific/nkorean -internet -downed -by-suspected -cyber -attacks -researchers -2022 -01-26/  
804 https://blog.mazebolt.com/list -of-ddos -attacks -october -2021?hsCtaTracking=e19be14c -53e4 -4c91-8f8a-1d1553eb1d45%7C6454852c -c358 -42d7 -
9f74-a756bade1c8e   
805 https://www.news -gazette.com/news/our_county/ford_county/nitco -recent -outages -due-to-denial -of-service -attacks/article_d911a2b3 -a36d -506b -
8b43 -8bc4488829c8.html   
806 Trend Micro - toward a new momentum security predictions for 2022  
807 Trend Micro. (Sept. 14, 2021). Trend Mic ro 'Attacks From All Angles: 2021 Midyear Cybersecurity Report ' Accessed on Nov. 25, 2021, at 
https://www.trendmicro.com/vinfo/us/security/research -and-analysis/threat -reports/roundup/attacks -from-all-angles -2021 -midyear -security -roundup   
808 Trend Micro - toward a new momentum security predictions for 2022  
809 The Global Economic Forum, The Global Risks  Report 2022 17th Edition, 2022 
https://www3.weforum.org/docs/WEF_The_Global_Risks_Report_2022.pdf   
810 Brian Krebs. (May 11, 2021). Krebs On Security. 'A Closer Look at the D arkSide Ransomware Gang '. Accessed on Nov. 25, 2021, at 
https://krebsonsecurity.com/2021/05/a -closer -look-at-the-darkside -ransomware -gang/   
811 Janus Agcaoili et al. (June 15, 2021). Trend Micro Security News. 'Ransomware Double Extortion and Beyond: REvil, Clop, and Conti '. Accessed on 
Nov. 5, 2021, at https://www.trendmicro.com/vinfo/us/security/news/cybercrime -and-digital -threats/ransomware -double -extortion -and-beyond -revil-clop-
and-conti   
812 Trend Micro - toward a new momentum security predictions for 2022  
813 https://www.verizon.com/business/resources/reports/2022/dbir/2022 -data-breach -investigations -report -dbir.pdf   ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
110 
 February 2022  FAR KlaySwap crypto users lose funds after BGP hijack : hackers have stolen roughly $1.9 
million from South Korean cryptocurrency platform KLAYswap after they pulled off a 
rare and clever BGP hijack against the server infrastructure of one of the platform’s 
providers.  
March 2022  FAR BGP Hijacking of Twitter Prefix by RTComm.ru  RTComm.ru started to advertise 
104.244.42.0/24, a prefix used by Twitter. RTComm.ru is a sizeable Russian telecom 
provider. Russian ISPs have started restricting access to Twitter after Russia's invasion 
of Ukraine led to many Twitter posts critical of Ru ssia's war.  
 
B.7 DISINFORMATION  - MISINFORMATION  
Table 12: Notable disinformation - misinformation incidents  
Time  Geographical 
Spread  Description  
January 2022  NEAR  COVID -related disinformation increased attacks on health structures and personnel. 
This problem existed before the pandemic and was strengthen ed by disinformation 
attacks during the pandemic. Vaccination teams were attacked by anti -vaxxers and the 
president of the Czech Medical Chamber received protection by the  police814. 
November 2021  NEAR  Mateusz Morawiecki , President of Poland , on a visit to Latvia discussed  various 
disinformation attacks and fake news targeting the east ern part of NATO regarding 
migration, COVID  vaccine s, energy and international relations between the EU and 
NATO815. 
October 2021  GLOBAL  Fossil fuel companies have been accused of disinformation activities around climate 
crisis. This includes activities in social media (e.g. ads)816. 
September 2021  NEAR  The French elections and all candidates were  the target of mass disinformation and 
misinformation attacks817 818 819. For instance, false claims were reported about a mass 
immigration statement attributed to President Macron and BBC news. Other claims 
targeted v oting machines as a means to ensure a Macron victory. Nicolas Dupont -
Aignan was falsely associated with a claim on the fact that If there is no participation, 
this election will not be valid . Marine Le Pen was falsely associated with a claim on the 
fact th at she intended to withdraw France from the 2015 Paris Agreement on climate 
change.  
September 2021  NEAR  Security Company Mandian t observed that UNC1151 and ghostwriter activities could 
be linked to Belarus and its interests with high confidence. The disinformation 
campaigns shared anti -NATO narratives with the goal of reducing support and 
cooperation in Lithuania, Latvia and Poland.  The narratives targeted the cost of NATO 
membership and the possible threats due to the presence of foreign troops in the 
countries820 821. This continued in to the following months and the beginning of 2022 . 
                                                           
814 https://www.bbc.com/news/world -europe -60111142   
815 https:// www.polskieradio.pl/395/7989/Artykul/2853213,Polish -PM-warns -of-fake-news -hacker -attacks -by-Belarus -Russia   
816 https://edition.cnn.com/2021/10/28/po litics/fossil -fuel-oversight -hearing -climate/index.html   
817 https://www.bbc.com/news/61179620   
818 https://www.euronews.com/my -europe/2022/04/22/french -election -2022 -misinformation -spreads -online -ahead -of-runoff -vote  
819 https://w ww.newsguardtech.com/special -reports/french -election -misinformation -tracker/   
820 https://www.mandiant.com/resources/unc1151 -linked -to-belarus -government   
821 https://www.mandiant.com/resources/unc1151 -linked -to-belarus -government   
 Please use footnotes for providing additional or explanatory information and/or relevant links. References should be listed 
in a dedicated section. Use only the function References/Insert Footnote  ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
111 
 Time  Geographical 
Spread  Description  
September 2021  NEAR  In the German elections all candidates for the chancellor ship have been the target of 
mass disinformation attacks and fake news on social media822 823. According to 
Deutsche Welle, Traditional media also play a role in spreading falsehoods824.  
September 2021  NEAR  The continuation of the second COVID infection wave  was followed by continuous 
disinformation around the efficacy of COVID  vaccine s and the reliability of 
pharmaceutical companies. This has been surrounded by continuous political themes 
and anti -West messages . 
July 2021  NEAR  Disinformation and misinformation targeting COVID vaccines continue, showing that 
12 individuals were responsible for more than 65% of the misinformation posts on 
social media.825 
 
Table 13: War-related disinformation/misinformation incidents   
Time  Geographical 
Spread  Description  
June 2022  NEAR  The mayors of Berlin, Madrid and Vienna were  the target s of a deepfake disinformation 
attack. The three mayors had been involved in a video call with a deepfake of their 
counterpart in Kyiv, Vitali Klitschko826. 
May 2022  MID According to Meduza, Yandex, the 'Google of Russia ', supported Russia n propaganda. 
In particular, censorship activities were observed in the Yande x News Feed used by 
up to 50 million users to promote the Kremlin’s agenda before and after the war in 
Ukraine  began827. 
May 2022  MID TikTok has been used as a disinformation vector during the Russia -Ukraine war, 
benefiting from its design choice  for quick and non -validated posts828 829. According to 
the BBC, false TikTok videos and live streams collected millions of views about the 
war830. Also, according to Media Matters, a pro -Russia disinformation campaign used 
over 180 TikTok influencers to support  the war against Ukraine.  
May 2022  MID The l argest social networks (e.g. Twitter, YouTube) have been used to spread 
disinformation around the war831. Social media providers put a lot of effort in to 
counteracting the spread of fake information.  
April 2022  MID Russian diplomats, as well as reporting on Ukraine by Chinese, Iranian and Russian 
state -backed media in English, saw a peak of engagements in social media832. 
                                                           
822 https://www.bbc.com/news/world -europe -58655702   
823 https://www.institutmontaigne.org/en/blog/disinformation -2021 -german -federal -elections -what -did-and-did-not-occur   
824 https://www.dw.com/en/disinformation -fake-news -plague -german -election -campaign/a -59104314   
825 Center for Countering Digital Hate (CCDH), The D isinformation Dozen, 2021  
826 https://www.theguardian.com/world/2022/jun/25/european -leaders -deepfake -video -calls-mayor -of-kyiv-vitali-klitschko   
827 https://demtech.oii.ox.ac.uk/war -in-ukraine -and-disinformation -newsletter -12-may-2022/   
828 https://demtech.oii.ox.ac.uk/war -in-ukraine -and-disinformation -newsletter -12-may-2022/   
829 https://www.mediamatters.org/tiktok/pro -russia -propaganda -campaign -using -over-180-tiktok -influencers -promote -invasion -ukraine   
830 https://www.bbc.com/news/60867414   
831 https://demtech.oii.ox.ac.uk/war -in-ukraine -and-disinformation -newsletter -26-may-2022/   
832 https://demtech.oii.ox.ac.uk/war -in-ukraine -and-disinformation -newsletter -26-april-2022/   
 Please use footnotes for providing additional or explanatory information and/or relevant links. References should be listed 
in a dedicated section. Use only the function References/Insert Footnote  ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
112 
 Time  Geographical 
Spread  Description  
March 2022  NEAR  A substantial wave of fake news and disinformation on Ukraine targeted Serbia, 
Bosnia, and Hungary. Religion and nationalism pushed online attacks and hate speech 
in Bosnia and North Macedonia833. 
March 2022  FAR A conspiracy theory built on the narrative o f 'secret ' US research laboratories in Ukraine 
to develop biological weapons has been distributed by China and QAnon834. 
March 2022  MID AI-enabled disinformation based on deepfakes took an important role in the war and 
resulted in videos of Russia's Vladimir Putin and Ukraine's Volodymyr Zelenskyy with 
messages supporting the points of view of adversaries835 836. 
July 2021  MID According to Uk raine's Defen ce Ministry, Russian government hackers targeted the 
Ukrainian Navy website to spread disinformation about the multinational Sea Breeze 
military exercises in the Black Sea837. 
 
B. 8 SUPPLY CHAIN ATTACKS  
Table 14: Notable supply chain Incidents   
Time  Geographical 
Spread  Description  
December 2021  GLOBAL  Log4 j CVE: a vulnerability was found in Log4j, an open -source logging library 
commonly used by apps and services across the internet. If left unfixed, 
attackers can break into systems, steal passwords and logins, extract data, 
and infect networks with malicious softwa re. 
March 2022  GLOBAL  A threat actor dubbed RED -LILI has been linked to an ongoing large -scale supply 
chain attack campaign targeting the NPM package repository by publishing nearly 800 
malicious modules.   
 
  
                                                           
833 https://balkaninsight.com/2022/03/04/ukraine -war-prompts -flood -of-misinformation -fake-news/   
834 https://www.france24.com/en/ europe/20220312 -china -and-qanon -embrace -russian -disinformation -justifying -war-in-ukraine   
835 https://www.dw.com/en/fact -check -the-deepfakes -in-the-disinformation -war-between -russia -and-ukraine/a -61166433   
836 https://securityaffairs.co/wordpress/129124/intelligence/russia -deepf ake-video -zelenskyy.html   
837 https://www.rferl.org/a/ukraine -hack -russia -navy -sea-breeze/31351045.html   ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
113 
  
ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
114 
 C  ANNEX: CVE  LANDSCAPE  
The analysis of the vulnerability landscape is intended to identify trends and help stakeholders improve their patch 
prioriti sation practices by tracking the most popular vulnerabilities that are commonly used in cyberattacks and also 
aid developers in fix ing common root causes for vulnerabilities by observing the main weaknesses behind these 
vulnerabilities. Moreover, this work is meant to complement the ETL by giving a glimpse into the vulnerabilities that 
are often leveraged in cyberattacks.  
C.1 SUMMARY  
A total of 21 ,920838 vulnerabilities were  identified during the period  of this report .  
Also, within the given timeframe , 134 out of 21 ,920 published  vulnerabilities  are referenced in the 'CISA Known 
Exploited Vulnerabilities catalogue ', later referred to a s KEV.  
In future  editions of the ETL we are aiming to include information on the vulnerabilities associated with the recorded 
incidents.  
C.2 ANALYSIS  
A CVE Numbering authority is an organisation responsible for the regular assignment of CVE IDs to vulnerab ilities 
and for creating and publishing information about the vulnerability in the associated CVE Record. Each CNA has a 
specific scope of responsibility for vulnerability identification and publishing.  
For better context , Figure 16 below details the percentage of the CVE numbers assigned by each CVE numbering 
organ isation (CNA) for the given period:  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                                                           
838 Not all vulnerabilities are relevant as some of them are Rejected/Disputed  ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
115 
 Figure 16 Percentage of CVE numbers assigned by each CNA  
 
 
Figure 17 ranks  the percentage of CVE numbers assigned by CNAs that have an average CVSS score greater than 7 
for each CNA:  
 Figure 17 Percentage of CVEs with an average CVSS greater than 7 by CNA
 
In Figure 18 below , we highlight the CNAs allocati ng CVEs that appear as part of CISA’s known exploit vulnerability 
catalogue .  
 
 
 
ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
116 
 Figure 18 Allocation of CVEs that appear in CISA’s known exploit vulnerability catalogue
 
 
Figure 19 ranks  the top weaknesses by count for the entire NVD data  set (Total of 21 ,290 vulnerabilities) during the 
given timeframe.  
 Figure 19 Top weaknesses by count
 
The fo llowing table covers the s ame data as above , but this time  together with a description  to give a better 
understanding of the context . 
 
 
 
ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
117 
 Table 15: Top weaknesses’ description  
CWE Description  Count  
CWE-79 Improper Neutrali sation of Input During Web Page Generation ('Cross -site Scripting')  2868  
CWE-787 Out-of-bounds Write  1458  
CWE-89 Improper Neutrali sation of Special Elements used in an SQL Command ('SQL 
Injection')  1287  
CWE-125 Out-of-bounds Read  683 
CWE-20 Improper Input Validation  658 
CWE-416 Use After Free  613 
CWE-22 Improper Limitation of a Pathname to a Restricted Directory ('Path Traversal')  541 
CWE-352 Cross -Site Request Forgery (CSRF)  521 
CWE-269 Improper Privilege Management  454 
CWE-77 Improper Neutrali sation of Special Elements used in a Command ('Command 
Injection')  433 
CWE-476 NULL Pointer Dereference  403 
CWE-863 Incorrect Authori sation  383 
CWE-287 Improper Authentication  360 
CWE-434 Unrestricted Upload of File with Dangerous Type  344 
 
The list shows that w ell known web related weakness  such as Cross -site scripting, SQL Injection,  Improper input 
validation, and Cross -Site Request Forgery  are still responsible for many of  the reported vulnerabilities.  This is very 
interesting when considering the increa sed usage of cloud based services.  
In Figure 20 below we can see the most important weaknesses (CWEs) that correlate to vulnerabilities having an 
average CVSS score higher than 8.  
 
 
 
 
 
 ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
118 
 Figure 20 Weaknesses that correlate to a CVSS score higher than 8  
 
 
The following table lists the s ame data as above but includ es the matching  description (the data was filtered to 
include just the vulnerabili ties with CVSS score higher than 8).  
Table 16 CWE description  
CWE 
Count  CWE ID CWE description  Average of 
base  Score  
871 CWE-89 Improper Neutrali sation of Special Elements used in an SQL 
Command ('SQL Injection')  9.529161883  
433 CWE-787 Out-of-bounds Write  9.350115473  
303 CWE-77 Improper Neutrali sation of Special Elements used in a Command 
('Command Injection')  9.50990099  
247 CWE-434 Unrestricted Upload of File with Dangerous Type  9.401214575  
245 CWE-78 Improper Neutrali sation of Special Elements used in an OS 
Command ('OS Command Injection')  9.360408163  
224 CWE-352 Cross -Site Request Forgery (CSRF)  8.7625  
192 CWE-416 Use After Free  8.9515625  
172 CWE-287 Improper Authentication  9.487790698  
ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
119 
 CWE 
Count  CWE ID CWE description  Average of 
base  Score  
163 CWE-22 Improper Limitation of a  Pathname to a Restricted Directory ('Path 
Traversal')  9.082208589  
128 CWE-120 Buffer Copy without Checking Size of Input ('Classic Buffer 
Overflow')  9.46953125  
125 CWE-20 Improper Input Validation  9.2296  
114 CWE-502 Deseriali sation  of Untrusted Data  9.334210526  
105 CWE-94 Improper Control of Generation of Code ('Code Injection')  9.316190476  
105 CWE-269 Improper Privilege Management  9.000952381  
 
Further on we will look into CISA’s known exploited vulnerabilities catalogue for the given time span. At this point we 
will also introduce the corresponding EPSS (exploit prediction score) for all the vulnerabilities of the data  set. 
In Figure 21 below it is noticeable that most of the vulnerabilities that appear in the KEV catalogue correlate with a 
high EPSS score. The bigger the square , the higher the score ( indicating the populari ty of the vulnerability). 
Nevertheless the smaller squares from the lower right corner confirm that there are many other vulnerabilities 
confirmed to be used in cyberattacks however lacking in online popularity.  
The focus of the defenders in terms of patc hing prioriti sation should not be only on the 'popular ' vulnerabilities that get 
a lot of attention (e.g. due to the wide usage of a product),  but also on the less common vulnerabilities from CISA’s 
KEV catalogue.  
Figure 21 Tree m ap visualisation of the KEV together with their EPSS score
 
ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
120 
 In Figure 22 below you can see a plot of the exploit prediction scores over the BaseScore (severity) of th e NVD 
vulnerabilities. Extra attention should be given to the high CVSS score vulnerabilities that correlate to a lower EPSS 
score.  
It is noticeable that roughly 2 919 high severity vulnerabilities (CVSS above 9.5) are associated with a low Exploit 
Predict ion Scoring System  (EPSS). The p atching prioriti sation process should account also for these high severity 
vulnerabilities and not rely solely on the ones with high EPSS scores.  
Figure 22 Exploit Prediction Scoring System  (EPSS)  with BaseScore ( severity score)  
 
In Figure 23 below you can see the main weaknesses associated with KEV vulnerabilities from the given timeframe:  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
121 
 Figure 23 Top count of C WEs for KEV
 
Another important observation for the KEV data  set is the fact that 66 .4% of the 134 vulnerabilities are network 
exploitable, probably associated with remote exploits, and 32 .8% are local exploi table which means they are likely 
used in privilege escalation tactics. Threats actors could leverage a combination of the two types in order to 
compromise organi sations , as shown in Figure 24 below . 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
122 
 Figure 24 Network exploitation  
 
C.3 BACKGROUND  
For the analysis of the CVE landscape, the following data sources were utilised:  
• NIST NVD (National Vulnerability Database) : https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/full -listing  
• CISA known exploited vulnerability catalogue (KEV839) snapshot as of 12 August 2022 : 
https://www.cisa.gov/known -exploited -vulnerabilities -catalog  
• FIRST Exploit prediction scoring system (EPSS)840: more details regarding EPSS  available at  
https://www.first.org/epss/  and here  https://www.first.org/epss/data_stats  
  
                                                           
839 'CISA maintains the authoritative source of vulnerabilities that have been exploited in the wild , i.e. the Known Exploited 
Vulnerability (KEV) catalogue. CISA strongly recommends  all organi sations review and monitor the KEV catalogue and 
prioriti se remediation of the listed vulnerabilities to reduce the likelihood of compromise by known threat actors. ' 
840 The Exploit Prediction Scoring System (EPSS) is a community -driven effort to combine descriptive information about 
vulnerabilities (CVEs) with evidence of actual exploitation in -the-wild. The higher the score, the greater the probability that a 
vulnerability will be exploited (in the next 30 days).  
ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
123 
  
ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
124 
 D  ANNEX: RECOMMENDATIO NS  
Our recommendations are mapped841 to the security measures that are part of international standards used by 
operators in the business se ctors as documented842 by ENISA.  
SOCIAL ENGINEERING   
Review and update the incident response plans to adapt to the new trends identified for social engineering attacks.  
ISO/IEC 27001 :2013  
A16.1 Management of information security incidents & 
improvements  NIST C ybersecurity Framework (C SF)  
Risk Assessment (ID.RA )  
PR.IP -9: Response plans (Incident Response and Business 
Continuity) and recovery plans (Incident Recovery and Disaster 
Recovery) are in place and managed  
RS.AN -2: The impact of the incident is understood  
RS.AN -5: Processes are established to receive, analyse and 
respond to vulnerabilities disclosed to the organization from 
internal and external sources (e.g. internal testing, security 
bulletins, or security researchers)  
RC.RP -1: Recovery plan is  executed during or after a 
cybersecurity incident  
Maintain an overview of the digital footprint of your organisation and update this information on a frequent basis. 
Ideally this updating is done automatically and changes in the digital footprint trigge r an alert for follow -up 
investigations.  
Appoint a role within your organisation to do regular OSINT research on your organisation (taking on the role of an 
"outsider").  
Preventively register domains that resemble your organisation's name, including alternative TLDs. Regularly review 
the organisations 'domain settings to support anti -spoofing and authentication mechanisms to filter e -mail. 
ISO/IEC 27001 :2013  
4.1 Understanding the organization and its context  
4.2 Understanding the needs and expectatio ns of interested 
parties  
4.3 Determining the scope of the information security 
management system  
8.1 Operational planning and control   
9.3 Management review   
A.8.1.1 Inventory of assets   
A.12.6.1 Management of technical vulnerabilities   
A.18.2.1 Inde pendent review of information security  NIST C ybersecurity Framework (C SF)  
ID.GV -4: Governance and risk management processes address 
cybersecurity risks  
ID.RA  (see above)   
Risk Management Strategy (ID.RM  
Asset Management (ID.AM)   
ID.BE -4: Dependencies and critical functions for delivery of 
critical services are established  
PR.IP -12: A vulnerability management plan is developed and 
implemented  
RS.AN -5: Processes are established to receive, analyse and 
respond to vulnerabilities disclosed to the organization from 
internal and external sources (e.g. internal testing, security 
bulletins, or security researchers)  
Adjust the awareness trainings to take into account the new social engineering trends. Consider tailored trainings 
that focus on the HR, sales and fina nce departments. Also consider specific trainings for IT and security staff.  
ISO/IEC 27001 :2013  NIST C ybersecurity Framework (C SF)  
                                                           
841 Note that when a measure is applied to a given recommendation, we include all measures as documented by ENISA. 
For example , for the first recommendation, all measures for  an 'Information system security incident response ' were taken 
into consideration.  
842 Minimum Security Measures for Op erators of Essentials Services    https://www.enisa.europa.eu/topics/nis -
directive/minimum -security -measures -for-operators -of-essentials -services   
ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
125 
 5.3 Organizational roles, responsibilities, and authorities   
6.2 Information security objectives and planning to achieve 
them   
7 Support   
9.1 Monitoring, measurement, analysis and evaluation   
A.6.1.1 Information security roles and responsibilities   
A.6.1.2 Segregation of duties   
A.7 Human resource security   
A.9.3 User responsibilities  ID.AM -6: Cybersecurity roles and responsibilities for the entire 
workforce and third -party stakeholders (e.g., suppliers, 
customers, partners) are established  
PR.IP -11: Cybersecurity is included in human resources practices 
(e.g., deprovisioning, personnel screening)   
Awareness and Training (PR.AT)   
DE.DP -1: Roles and responsibilities for detection are well defined 
to ensure accountability  
RS.CO -1: Personnel know their roles and order of operations 
when a response is needed  
Ensure that the infrastructure of  your organisation where social engineering attacks can be detected is "forensic 
ready", meaning the relevant logs are collected with sufficient details to support incident response investigations. 
Logs should be complete, reliable, accurate and consistent . 
Expand the monitoring use cases to go beyond your perimeter and to include domain and certificate monitoring that 
resemble the organisations 'assets. Additionally, include in these monitoring use cases detections for signs of data 
breaches relevant for y our organisation.  
Employ threat intelligence relevant to detect social engineering operations and automatically apply this information 
for network intrusion prevention, web access and e -mail filtering.  
Subscribe to a feed of issued certificates (certificat e transparency feed) and alert on names resembling your 
organisation's name or assets. Monitor newly issued domains for names resembling your organisation's name or 
assets. Subscribe to alerts from data breach monitoring sites. Subscribe to alerts of the o rganisation assets being 
published on criminal forums. Consider the use of the AIL framework 843. 
Deploy detection rules that alert on the presence (or opening) of disk image files on systems where these file types 
are not commonly present.  
ISO/IEC 27001 :2013  
9.3 Management review  
A.12.4 Logging and monitoring  
A.12.6.1 Management of technical vulnerabilities  
A.14.1.2 Securing application services on public networks  
A.15.2.1 Monitoring and review of supplier services  
A.18.1.3 Protection of records  NIST C ybersecurity Framework (C SF)  
ID.SC -1: Cyber supply chain risk management processes are 
identified, established, assessed, managed, and agreed to by 
organizational stakeholders  
PR.DS -6: Integrity checking mechanisms are used to verify 
software, firmware, and information integrity   
Maintenance (PR.MA): Maintenance and repairs of industrial 
control and information system components are performed 
consistent with policies and procedures.   
PR.PT -1: Audit/log records are determined, documented, 
implemented, and reviewed in accordance with policy  
Security Continuous Monitoring (DE.CM): The information system 
and assets are monitored to identify cybersecurity events and 
verify the effectiveness of protective measures.  Detection 
Processes (DE.DP): Detection processe s and procedures are 
maintained and tested to ensure awareness of anomalous 
events.   
RS.MI -3: Newly identified vulnerabilities are mitigated or 
documented as accepted risks  
RS.AN -1: Notifications from detection systems are investigated   
Block the use of disk images exchanged via e -mail. 
ISO/IEC 27001 :2013  
8.1 Operational planning and control  
A.13.1 Network security management   NIST C ybersecurity Framework (C SF)  
PR.PT -4: Communications and control networks are protected  
PR.DS -2: Data -in-transit is protected   
 
Enforce user -consent settings so users cannot consent to allow third -party application access. Only allow 
applications from verified publishers or for specific low -risk permissions.  
Routinely review mail server configurations, employee mail settings and connection logs. Focus efforts on 
identifying employee mail -forwarding rules and identifying abnormal connections to mail servers.  
Utilize e -mail security features that notify a user when an e -mail is being sent from a user they have not inter acted 
with before.  
                                                           
843 AIL Framework https://github.com/CIRCL/AIL -framework   ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
126 
 ISO/IEC 27001 :2013  
A.6.2.1 Mobile device policy   
A.8.3.1 Management of removable media   
A.12.5 Control of operational software   
A.12.6.2 Restrictions on software installation   
A.14.1 Security requirements of information systems   
A.14.2.  Security in development and support processes  
 NIST C ybersecurity Framework (C SF)  
PR.PT -3: The principle of least functionality is incorporated by 
configuring systems to provide only essential capabilities  
DE.AE -1: A baseline of network operations  and expected data 
flows for users and systems is established and managed  
Review consented permissions for external applications on a regular basis.  
ISO/IEC 27001 :2013  
9.3 Management review   
A.5.1.2 Review of the policies for information security   
 NIST C ybersecurity Framework (C SF)  
ID.RM -1: Risk management processes are established, 
managed, and agreed to by organizational stakeholders  
ID.GV -1: Organizational cybersecurity policy is established and 
communicated  
 
 
MALWARE   
Create, maintain, and exercise an incident response plan that is regularly tested. Document the communication 
flows, including response and notification procedures during an incident.  
ISO/IEC 27001 :2013  
A.16.1.1 Responsibilities and procedures  
A.16.1.5 Response to information security incidents  
A.17.1 Information security  continuity  
 NIST C ybersecurity Framework (C SF)  
ID.SC -5: Response and recovery planning and testing are 
conducted with suppliers and third -party providers  
PR.IP -9: Response plans (Incident Response and Business 
Continuity) and recovery plans (Incident Recovery and Disaster 
Recovery) are in place and managed  
PR.IP -10: Response and recovery plans are tested  
RS.RP -1: Response plan is executed during or after an incident  
Communications (RS.CO): Response acti vities are coordinated 
with internal and external stakeholders (e.g. external support from 
law enforcement agencies).  
Ensure your internet -facing infrastructure is secure.  
Perform regular vulnerability scanning to identify and address vulnerabilities. Install (security) updates and patches 
regularly, per yo ur patch policy.  
ISO/IEC 27001 :2013  
A.12.6.1  Management of technical vulnerabilities  
 NIST C ybersecurity Framework (C SF)  
DE.CM -8: Vulnerability scans are performed  
PR.IP -12: A vulnerability management plan is developed and 
implemented  
RS.MI -3: Newly identified vulnerabilities are mitigated or 
documented as accepted risks  
ID.RA -1: Asset vulnerabilities are identified and documented  
 
 
 
 
Ensure remote access technology or other exposed services are configured security, and MFA and strong password 
policies are actively managed, audited, and enforced on the user accounts.  
Apply the principles of least privilege and separation of duties.  
ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
127 
 ISO/IEC 27001 :2013  
A.6.1.2  Segregation of Duties  
A.6.2.1 Mobile device policy   
A.6.2.2  Teleworkin g 
A.9.1 Business requirements of access control  
A.9.2 User access management  
A.9.3 User responsibilities  
A.9.4 System and application access control  
A.11.2.4 Equipment maintenance  
A.11.2.6  Security of Equipment and Assets Off -Premises ,  
A.13.1.1  Network Controls ,  
A.13.2.1  Information Transfer Policies & Procedures  
A.15.1.1,  Information Security Policy for Supplier 
Relationships   
A.15.2.1 Monitoring and review of supplier services   NIST C ybersecurity Framework (C SF)  
Identity Management, Authentication and Access Control (PR.AC): 
Access to physical and logical assets and associated facilities is 
limited to authorized users, process es, and devices, and is 
managed consistent with the assessed risk of unauthorized access 
to authorized activities and transactions.   
PR.MA -2: Remote maintenance of organizational assets is 
approved, logged, and performed in a manner that prevents 
unauthorized access  
 
 
 
 
  
Periodic security awareness and training are critical, as ransomware often relies on social engineering to lure users 
into clicking a link.   
ISO/IEC 27001 :2013  
A.7.2.2  Information Security Awareness, Education and 
Training ,  
A.12.2.1  Documented Operating Procedures  
 NIST C ybersecurity Framework (C SF)  
Awareness and Training (PR.AT): The organization’s personnel 
and partners are provided cybersecurity awareness education and 
are trained to perform their cybersecurity  related duties and 
responsibilities consistent with related policies, procedures, and 
agreements.  
Collaborate with peers and national CERTs. Use the tools available for sharing malware information and -mitigation 
(e.g., MISP).  
ISO/IEC 27001 :2013  
7.4 Communication  
A.6.1.3 Contact with authorities  
A.6.1.4 Contact with special interest groups  
A.16.1.2  Reporting Information Security Events  NIST C ybersecurity Framework (C SF)  
Communications (RS.CO): Response activities are coordinated 
with internal and ext ernal stakeholders (e.g. external support from 
law enforcement agencies).  
DE.DP -4: Event detection  information is communicated  
Monitor and centralize logs using a security incident and event management (SIEM) solution. Develop relevant use -
cases to improve the effectiveness of detections and reduce log alert fatigue and achievable continuous monitoring.  
ISO/IEC 27001 :2013  
A.12.2.1  Documented Operating Procedures  
A.12.4.1 Event Logging  
A.16.1.7 Collection of evidence  NIST C ybersecurity Framework (C SF)  
Anomalies and Events (DE.AE): Anomalous activity is detected and 
the potential impact of events is understood.  
Security Continuous  Monitoring (DE.CM): The information system 
and assets are monitored to identify cybersecurity events and verify 
the effectiveness of protective measures.  
Ensure your assets are inventoried, managed, and under control.  
ISO/IEC 27001 :2013  
A.8.1.1 Inventory of assets  
A.8.1.2 Ownership of Assets  
A.11.2.6  Security of Equipment and Assets Off -Premises ,  
A.13.2.1 Information Transfer Policies & Procedures  
A.13.2.2 Agreements on information transfer  
 NIST C ybersecurity Framework (C SF)  
Asset Management (ID.AM): The data, personnel, devices, 
systems, and facilities that enable the organization to achieve 
business purposes are identified and managed consistent with their 
relative importance to organizational objectives and the 
organization’s risk strategy.  
 
Deploy EDR/XDR and ensure  the signatures are up to date.  
Use application directory allow -listing, blocking any unauthorized software execution.  
Monitor process execution to detect anomalies.  
Employ E -mail filtering for malicious e -mails, and remove executable attachments.  ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
128 
 Implement malware detection for all inbound/outbound channels, including e -mail, network, web, and application 
systems on all applicable platforms (i.e., servers, network in frastructure, personal computers, and mobile devices).  
Inspect the SSL/TLS traffic allowing the firewall to decrypt what is being transmitted to and from websites, e -mail 
communications, and mobile applications.  
ISO/IEC 27001 :2013  
A.12.4.1 Event Logging  
A.14.2.7 Outsourced  Development  
A.15.2.1 Monitoring and review of supplier services  
 NIST C ybersecurity Framework (C SF)  
Anomalies and Events (DE.AE): Anomalous activity is detected and 
the potential impact of events is understood.  
Security Continuous Monitoring (DE.CM): The information system 
and assets are monitored  to identify cybersecurity events and verify 
the effectiveness of protective measures . 
 
 
THREATS  AGAINST DATA    
Build a team of specialists: Having a team of specialists with skill and knowledge to respond to data breaches is 
critically important to maintain data availability, confidentiality, and integrity.  
Asset discovery, risk assessment, mitigation plan: A proper mitigation strategy starts from the knowledge of the 
assets that can be  target of an attack, as well as a proper risk assessment are at the basis of a proper data security 
posture.  
ISO/IEC 27001 :2013  
5.3 Organizational roles, responsibilities and authorities  
7.5.3 Control of documented information  
8.1 Operational planning and control  
A.6.1.1 Information security roles and responsibilities  
A.16.1.5 Response to information security incidents  
A.16.1.6 Learning from information security incidents  
 NIST C ybersecurity Framework (C SF)  
ID.SC -4: Suppliers and third -party partners a re routinely assessed 
using audits, test results, or other forms of evaluations to confirm 
they are meeting their contractual obligations.   
ID.SC -5: Response and recovery planning and testing are 
conducted with suppliers and third -party providers   
Information Protection Processes and Procedures (PR.IP): Security 
policies (that address purpose, scope, roles, responsibilities, 
management commitment, and coordination among organizational 
entities), processes, and procedures are maintained and used to 
manage protection of information systems and assets.   
Mitigation (RS.MI): Activities are performed to prevent expansion of 
an event, mitigate its effects, and resolve the incident.  
RS.RP -1: Response plan is executed during or after an incident  
RC.RP -1: Reco very plan is executed during or after a cybersecurity 
incident  
ID.BE -5: Resilience requirements to support delivery of critical 
services are established for all operating states (e.g. under 
duress/attack, during recovery, normal operations)   
Proper security budgeting and spending: Data breaches and leaks are increasing risks that are plaguing current 
enterprises and corresponding systems. Proper planning and budgeting for data management risks is key and 
requires alignment in understanding security i mpacts between management and practitioners. 844 
ISO/IEC 27001 :2013  
A.11.2.4 Equipment maintenance  
A.12.1.2 Change management  
A.15.2.2 Managing changes to supplier services and 
control  
 NIST C ybersecurity Framework (C SF)  
Asset Management (ID.AM): The data, personnel, devices, 
systems, and facilities that enable the organization to achieve 
business purposes are identified and managed consistent with their 
relative importance to organizational objectives and the 
organization’s risk strategy.  
PR.MA -1: Maintenan ce and repair of organizational assets are 
performed and logged, with approved and controlled tools  
ID.SC -4: Suppliers and third -party partners are routinely assessed 
using audits, test results, or other forms of evaluations to confirm 
they are meeting the ir contractual obligations.  
                                                           
844 2022 Thales Data Threat Report  
 Please use footnotes for providing additional or explanatory information and/or relevant links. References should be listed 
in a dedicated section. Use only the function References/Insert Footnote  
ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
129 
 Support for compliance and certification: 845  
ISO/IEC 27001 :2013  
A.5.1.1 Policies for information security  
A.12.7.1 Information systems audit controls  
A.18.1.1 Identification of applicable legislation and 
contractual requirements  
A.18.1.2 Intellectual property rights  
A.18.2.2 Compliance with security policies and standards  NIST C ybersecurity Framework (C SF)  
Governance (ID.GV): The policies, procedures, and processes to 
manage and monitor the organization’s regulatory,  legal, risk, 
environmental, and operational requirements are understood and 
inform the management of cybersecurity risk.   
PR.PT -1: Audit/log records are determined, documented, 
implemented, and reviewed in accordance with policy  
DE.DP -2: Detection activit ies comply with all applicable 
requirements  
Authorization Management: Human errors and misconfigurations are at the basis of many data breaches. A proper 
authorization management that reviews access privileges according to changing rights of the users, us ers leaving 
an organization is key to reduce possible insider threat attacks. 846 
Zero trust architectures: Zero trust architectures can increase the security posture of a system by implementing 
“never trust, always verify” paradigm. 847 This paradigm could be particularly important when accessing sensitive 
information.  
Unique and strong passwords: A proper password management approach is important to reduce the risk of an 
attack to a system. 848 Unique passwords avoid multiple system compr omise with a single password breach. 
Strong passwords can increase the robustness of the system against attacks. A password manager can simplify 
users’ activities.  
Enforcing password hygiene: Having unique and strong passwords contributes to the protection  of sensitive data. 
Unfortunately, the current norm tells of users adopting weak password that are easily guessable and can be broken 
with brute force attacks. Multi -factor authentication (T1) can be used to strengthen the authentication process using 
token or fingerprints. Enforcement of longer passwords or enterprise password management systems come with 
additional burden on users and organizations. 849 
User awareness training and education: Insufficient level of cybersecurity expertise and inadequate educa tion of 
employees can lead to database breaches. Non -technical employees can put the entire system and its data at risk. 
Both IT security personnel and end users should be properly trained and know the most recent cybersecurity 
trends. The first should inc rease their knowledge to implement security controls and properly manage data; the 
latter should undergo basic training in database security. 850 The need of a security awareness program stands out 
when social attacks are executed and result in malware insta llation and stolen credentials. 851 
ISO/IEC 27001 :2013  
A.6.1.2 Segregation of duties  
A.7 Human resource security  
A.9.1 Business requirements of access control  
A.9.2 User access management  
A.9.3 User responsibilities  
A.9.4 System and application access control  
A.12.4.3 Administrator and operator logs   
 NIST C ybersecurity Framework (C SF)  
ID.GV -2: Cybersecurity roles and responsibilities are coordinated 
and aligned with internal roles and external partners  
ID.GV -3: Legal and regulatory requirements regarding 
cybersecurity, including privacy and civil liberties obligations, are 
understood and managed   
RS.CO -1: Personnel know their roles and order of operations when 
a response is needed , 
PR.IP -11: Cybersecurity is included in human resources practices 
(e.g., deprovisioning, personnel screening) DE.DP -1 
Awareness and Training (PR.AT): The organization’s personnel 
and partners are provided cybersecurity awareness education and 
are trained to perform their cybersecurity -related duties and 
responsibilities c onsistent with related policies, procedures, and 
agreements.   
Identity Management, Authentication and Access Control (PR.AC): 
Access to physical and logical assets and associated facilities is 
limited to authorized users, processes, and devices, and is 
managed consistent with the assessed risk of unauthorized access 
to authorized activities and transactions.   
PR.PT -3: The principle of least functionality is incorporated by 
configuring systems to provide only essential capabilities  
                                                           
845 https://artificialintelligenceact.eu/   
846 EU H2020 CONCORDIA, D4.3  
847 https://www.wsav.com/wp -content/uploads/sites/75/2022/01/20220124_ITRC -2021 -Data -Breach -Report.pdf   
848 https://blog.f -secure.com/data -breach -and-data-leak-whats -the-difference/   
849 EU H2020 CONCORDIA, D4.3  
850 EU H2020 CONCORDIA, D4.3  
851 https://www.verizon.com/business/resources/reports/2022/dbir/2022 -data-breach -investigations -report -dbir.pdf   
 Please use footnotes for providing additional or explanatory information and/or relevant links. References should be listed 
in a dedicated section. Use only the function References/Insert Footnote  ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
130 
  
Data security auditing: The support of security auditing is key to identify organizational gaps and vulnerabilities, as 
well as data misuse. 852 Security audits can be performed either by security experts or by a third party (e.g. 
penetration testing model),  evaluating the risk of data breaches. 853 
ISO/IEC 27001 :2013  
A.12.7.1 Information systems audit controls  
A.18.2 Information security reviews  
 NIST C ybersecurity Framework (C SF)  
PR.PT -1: Audit/log records are determined, documented, 
implemented, and reviewed in accordance with policy  
ID.RA -1: Asset vulnerabilities are identified and documented  
PR.IP -1: A baseline configuration of information 
technology/industrial control systems is created and maintained 
incorporating security principles (e.g. concept  of least functionality)  
DE.AE -3: Event data are collected and correlated from multiple 
sources and sensors  
 
Data sanitization: Data sanitization enables end -users to protect their data by decreasing the quality of data 
according to different techniques i ncluding anonymization, generalization, encryption, masking, filtering. 
Manipulated data can then be used for testing, training, processing. 854 855 
Countermeasures against data poisoning: Countermeasures against data poisoning are important to increase the 
robustness of the model by using datasets of higher quality. The dataset is evaluated to filter out poisoned data 
points, including poisoned data points removal, 856 replacement and healing. 857 Countermeasures should also aim 
to increase the strength of the mod el itself, for instance, by using an ensemble of models to reduce the impact of a 
poisoning attack. 858 859 
Adversarial training: Adversarial training is important to protect a ML model against inference -time attacks. It builds 
on training set augmentation (ad versarial training), 860 where adversarial data points are added to the training set to 
increase the resilience of the model  against malicious data points.  
ISO/IEC 27001 :2013  
A.6.2.1 Mobile device policy  
A.8.3.1 Management of removable media  
A.10.1 Cryptographic controls  
A.12.1 Operational procedures and responsibilities  
A.12.5 Control of operational software  
A.12.6.2 Restrictions on software installation  
A.13.1.2 Security of network services  
A.14.1 Security requirements of information systems  
A.14.2 .1 Secure development policy  
A.14.2.2 System change control procedures  
A.14.2.3 Technical review of applications after operating 
platform changes  
A.14.2.4 Restrictions on changes to software packages  
A.14.2.5 Secure system engineering principles  
A.14.2.6 S ecure development environment  
A.18.1.5 Regulation of cryptographic controls  NIST C ybersecurity Framework (C SF)  
PR.IP -1: A baseline configuration of information 
technology/industrial control systems is created and maintained 
incorporating security principles (e.g. concept of least functionality)  
PR.IP -3: Configuration change control processes are in place  
DE.AE -1: A baseline of network operations and expected data 
flows for users and systems is established and managed  
PR.PT -3: The principle of least  functionality is incorporated by 
configuring systems to provide only essential capabilities  
ID.GV -3: Legal and regulatory requirements regarding 
cybersecurity, including privacy and civil liberties obligations, are 
understood and managed  
PR.DS -1: Data -at-rest is protected  
PR.DS -2: Data -in-transit is protected  
PR.DS -5: Protections against data leaks are implemented  
PR.DS -6: Integrity checking mechanisms are used to verify 
software, firmware, and information integrity  
PR.DS -8: Integrity checking mechanisms are used to verify 
hardware integrity  
                                                           
852 EU H2020 CONCORDIA, D 4.3 
853 EU H2020 CONCORDIA, D4.3  
854 EU H2020 CONCORDIA, D4.3  
855 Marco Anisetti, Claudio A. Ardagna, Chiara Braghin, Ernesto Damiani, Antongiacomo Polimeno, and Alessandro 
Balestrucci. 2021. Dynamic and Scalable Enforcement of Access Control Policies for Big Da ta. Proceedings of the 13th 
International Conference on Management of Digital EcoSystems.  
856 N. Peri, N. Gupta, W. R. Huang, L. Fowl, C. Zhu, S. Feizi, T. Goldstein, and J. P. Dickerson, “Deep k -NN Defense 
Against Clean -Label Data Poisoning Attacks,” in Pro c. of ECCV 2020, August 2020.  
857 E. Rosenfeld, E. Winston, P. Ravikumar, and Z. Kolter, “Certified Robustness to Label -Flipping Attacks via Randomized 
Smoothing,” in Proc. of  
ICML 2020, Virtual, June 2020.  
858 J. Jia, X. Cao, and N. Z. Gong, “Intrinsic Certif ied Robustness of Bagging against Data Poisoning Attacks,” in Proc. of 
AAAI 2021, Virtual, February 2021.  
859 W. Wang, A. Levine, and S. Feizi, “Improved Certified Defenses against Data Poisoning with (Deterministic) Finite 
Aggregation,” arXiv preprint arXiv :2202.02628, 2022.  
860 A. Kurakin, D. Boneh, F. Tramèr, I. Goodfellow, N. Papernot, and P. McDaniel, “Ensemble Adversarial Training: Attacks 
and Defenses,” in Proc. of ICLR 2018, Vancouver, BC, Canada, April, May 2018.  
 Please use footnotes for providing additional or explanatory information and/or relevant links. References should be listed 
in a dedicated section. Use only the function References/Insert Footnote  ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
131 
  PR.PT -4: Communications and control networks are protected  
Data Loss Prevention solutions: Inspecting and controlling file management and transfer is key to avoid sensitive 
and personal data or intellectual property does not exit the corporate network or to a user without access . 
ISO/IEC 27001 :2013  
A.13.2.2 Agreements on information transfer  
 NIST C ybersecurity Framework (C SF)  
ID.AM -3: Organizational communication and data flows are 
mapped  
Data backups: Data backups are fundamental to support prompt recovery from attacks. 861 Backup sites must be 
geographically distributed and separated to avoid being tampered by the same attack. Geographical redundancy can 
also help in preventing damages originating from natural disasters and sudden power outages.  
ISO/IEC 27001 :2013  
A.17.2 Redundancies  
 NIST C ybersecurity Framework (C SF)  
PR.DS -4: Adequate capacity to ensure availability is maintained  
PR.DS -5: Protections against data leaks are implemented  
 
 
THREATS  AGAINST AVAILABILIT Y 
Build a team of specialists: having a team of specialists with the skills and knowledge to respond to DDoS attacks is 
critically important to maintain system availability and operation.  
ISO/IEC 27001 :2013  
5.3 Organisational roles, responsibilities and authorities  
7.5.3 Control of documented information  
8.1 Operational planning and control  
10.1 Nonconformity and corrective action  
A.6.1.1 Information security roles and responsibilities  
A.11.2.4 Equipment maintenance  
A.12.1.2 Change management  
A.12.6.1 Management of technical vulnerabilities  
A.14.1.1 Information security requirements analysis and 
specification  
A 14.2 Security in development and support processes  
A.15.2.2 Managing changes to supplier services  
A.16.1.1 Responsibilities and procedures  
A.16.1.4 Assessment of and decisions on information 
security events  
A.16.1.5 Response to information security incidents  
A.16.1.6 Learning from information security incidents  
A.16.1.7 Collection of evidence  
A.17.1 Information security continuity  
 NIST C ybersecurity Framework (C SF)  
Risk Assessme nt (ID.RA): The organization understands the 
cybersecurity risk to organizational operations (including mission, 
functions, image, or reputation), organizational assets, and 
individuals.  
PR.DS -3: Assets are formally managed throughout removal, 
transfers, a nd disposition  
PR.DS -4: Adequate capacity to ensure availability is maintained  
Information Protection Processes and Procedures (PR.IP): Security 
policies (that address purpose, scope, roles, responsibilities, 
management commitment, and coordination among organizational 
entities), processes, and procedures are maintained and used to 
manage protection of information systems and assets.  
Analysis (RS.AN): Analysis is conducted to ensure effective 
response and support recovery activities.  
Mitigation (RS.MI): Ac tivities are performed to prevent expansion of 
an event, mitigate its effects, and resolve the incident.  
Improvements (RS.IM): Organizational response activities are 
improved by incorporating lessons learned from current and 
previous detection/response act ivities.  
Communications (RC.CO): Restoration activities are coordinated 
with internal and external parties (e.g.  coordinating centers, 
Internet Service Providers, owners of attacking systems, victims, 
other CSIRTs, and vendors).  
Recovery Planning (RC.RP):  Recovery processes and procedures 
are executed and maintained to ensure restoration of systems or 
assets affected by cybersecurity incidents.  
ID.BE -5: Resilience requirements to support delivery of critical 
services are established for all operating states (e.g. under 
duress/attack, during recovery, normal operations)  
Knowledge on third -party agreements: a response to a DDoS attack with third parties. Validating third -party 
agreements and contact information is key.  
ISO/IEC 27001 :2013  NIST C ybersecurity Framework (C SF)  
                                                           
861 EU H2020 CONCORDIA, D4.3  
ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
132 
 6.2 Information security objectives and planning to achieve 
them  
7.1 Resources  
7.2 Competence  
9 Performance evaluation  
9.1 Monitoring, measurement, analysis and evaluation  
9.3 Management review  
A.12.1.3 Capacity Management  
A.16.1.4 Assessment of and decisions on information 
security events  
A.16.1.7 Collection of evidence  
 ID.AM -5: Resources (e.g., hardware, devices, data, time, 
personnel, and software) are prioritized based on their 
classification, criticality, and business v alue  
Risk Management Strategy (ID.RM): The organization’s priorities, 
constraints, risk tolerances, and assumptions are established and 
used to support operational risk decisions.  
PR.IP -7: Protection processes are improved  
PR.IP -8: Effectiveness of protec tion technologies is shared  
PR.DS -4: Adequate capacity to ensure availability is maintained  
ID.BE -5: Resilience requirements to support delivery of critical 
services are established for all operating states (e.g. under 
duress/attack, during recovery, norma l operations)  
ID.RA -4: Potential business impacts and likelihoods are identified  
ID.RA -5: Threats, vulnerabilities, likelihoods, and impacts are used 
to determine risk  
PR.PT -1: Audit/log records are determined, documented, 
implemented, and reviewed in accordance with policy  
Anomalies and Events (DE.AE): Anomalous activity is detected and 
the potential impact of events is understood.  
Detection Processes (DE.DP): Detection processes and 
procedures are maintained and tested to ensure awareness of 
anomalous  events.  
RS.AN -1: Notifications from detection systems are investigated   
RS.AN -5: Processes are established to receive, analyze and 
respond to vulnerabilities disclosed to the organization from internal 
and external sources (e.g. internal testing, security  bulletins, or 
security researchers)  
Service restore: a plan B should exist in order to quickly restore business -critical services and reduce the mean time 
to recovery.  
ISO/IEC 27001 :2013  
9.3 Management review  
10.2 Continual improvement  
A.5.1.2 Review of  the policies for information security  
A.11.2.4 Equipment maintenance  
A.17.1 Information security continuity  
A.17.2 Redundancies  
 NIST C ybersecurity Framework (C SF)  
Risk Management Strategy (ID.RM): The organization’s priorities, 
constraints, risk tolerances, and assumptions are established and 
used to support operational risk decisions.  
Information Protection Processes and Procedures (PR.IP): Security 
policies (that address purpose, scope, roles, responsibilities, 
management commitment, and coordin ation among organizational 
entities), processes, and procedures are maintained and used to 
manage protection of information systems and assets.  
RS.MI -2: Incidents are mitigated  
Improvements (RS.IM): Organizational response activities are 
improved by incorporating lessons learned from current and 
previous detection/response activities.  
Recovery Planning (RC.RP): Recovery processes and procedures 
are executed and maintained to ensure restoration of systems or 
assets affected by cybersecurity incidents.  
Communications (RC.CO): Restoration activities are coordinated 
with internal and external parties (e.g.  coordinating centers, 
Internet Service Providers, owners of attacking systems, victims, 
other CSIRTs, and vendors).  
PR.PT -5: Mechanisms (e.g., failsaf e, load balancing, hot swap) are 
implemented to achieve resilience requirements in normal and 
adverse situations  
PR.DS -4: Adequate capacity to ensure availability is maintained  
ID.BE -5: Resilience requirements to support delivery of critical 
services are e stablished for all operating states (e.g. under 
duress/attack, during recovery, normal operations)  
ID.SC -5: Response and recovery planning and testing are 
conducted with suppliers and third -party providers  
Asset discovery, risk assessment and mitigation plan: a proper mitigation strategy starts from knowledge of the 
assets that can be the target of an attack as well as a proper assessment of risk862. All critical elements (e.g. servers, 
services and applications) should be protected and included in recurren t tests of a DDoS mitigation plan863. 
                                                           
862 Neustar, Pay Or Else: DDoS Ransom Attacks  
863 https://www.netscout.com/blog/asert/ddos -attack -campaign -targeting -multiple -organizations -ukraine   ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
133 
 ISO/IEC 27001 :2013  
6 Planning  
7.5.3 Control of documented information  
8 Operation  
8.1 Operational planning and control  
9.3 Management review  
10 Improvement  
10.1 Nonconformity and corrective action  
 
A.8.1.1 Inventory of assets  
A.12.6.1 Management of technical vulnerabilities  
A.11.2.4 Equipment maintenance  
A.12.1.2 Change management  
A.14.1.1 Information security requirements, analysis and 
specification  
A 14.2 Security in development and support processes  
A.15.2.2 Managing changes to supplier services  
A.18.2.1 Independent review of information security  
 NIST C ybersecurity Framework (C SF)  
ID.GV -4: Governance and risk management processes address 
cybersecurity risks  
Risk Assessment (ID.RA): The organization understands the 
cybersecurity risk to organizational operations (including mission, 
functions, image, or reputation), organizational assets, and 
individuals.  
Risk Management Strategy (ID.RM): The organization’s priorities, 
constraints, risk tolerances, and assumptions are  established and 
used to support operational risk decisions.  
Improvements (RS.IM): Organizational response activities are 
improved by incorporating lessons learned from current and 
previous detection/response activities.  
Supply Chain Risk Management (ID.SC ): 
The organization’s priorities, constraints, risk tolerances, and 
assumptions are established and used to support risk decisions 
associated with managing supply chain risk. The organization has 
established and implemented the processes to identify, asses s and 
manage supply chain risks.  
Improvements (RS.IM): Organizational response activities are 
improved by incorporating lessons learned from current and 
previous detection/response activities.  
Asset Management (ID.AM): The data, personnel, devices, 
systems , and facilities that enable the organization to achieve 
business purposes are identified and managed consistent with their 
relative importance to organizational objectives and the 
organization’s risk strategy.  
DE.CM -8: Vulnerability scans are performed  
RS.MI-3: Newly identified vulnerabilities are mitigated or 
documented as accepted risks  
RS.AN -5: Processes are established to receive, analyze and 
respond to vulnerabilities disclosed to the organization from internal 
and external sources (e.g. internal test ing, security bulletins, or 
security researchers)  
Maintenance (PR.MA): Maintenance and repairs of industrial 
control and information system components are performed 
consistent with policies and procedures.  
Information Protection Processes and Procedures (P R.IP): Security 
policies (that address purpose, scope, roles, responsibilities, 
management commitment, and coordination among organizational 
entities), processes, and procedures are maintained and used to 
manage protection of information systems and assets . 
PR.DS -3: Assets are formally managed throughout removal, 
transfers, and disposition  
PR.DS -4: Adequate capacity to ensure availability is maintained  
Guarantee Best Current Practices (BCPs): organisations at risks should support relevant network infrastructure, 
architectural and operational best current practices (BCPs), for instance, proper network access policies and traffic 
filtering864. 
Update and patch your system: the basic rules of updating and patching all systems should become a mantra, 
especially in scenarios involving IoT and smart devices865. For instance, Mozi botnet continues to rely on the same 
set of older vulnerabilities, even those that are eight years old866. 
ISO/IEC 27001 :2013  
4.3 Determining the scope of the information security 
management system  
8.1 Operational planning and control  
A.6.2.1 Mobile device policy  
A.8.3.1 Management of removable media  
A.12.1 Operational procedures and responsibilities  
A.12.5 Control of operational software  
A.12.6.2 Restrictions on software installati on NIST C ybersecurity Framework (C SF)  
PR.IP -1: A baseline configuration of information 
technology/industrial control systems is created and maintained 
incorporating security principles (e.g. concept of least functionality)  
PR.IP -2: A System Development Life Cycle to manage systems is 
implemented  
PR.IP -3: Configuration change control processes are in place  
DE.AE -1: A baseline of network operations and expected data 
flows for users and systems is established and managed  
                                                           
864 https://www.netscout.com/blog/asert/ddos -attack -campaign -targeting -multiple -organizations -ukraine   
865 https://www.f5.com/labs/articles/threat -intelligence/2022 -application -protection -report -ddos -attack -trends   
866 eset_threat_report_t22021  ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
134 
 A.13.1 Network security management  
A.13.1.2 Security of network services  
A.13.2.1 Information transfer policies and procedures  
A.13.2.2 Agreements on information transfer  
A.14.1 Security requirements of information systems  
A.14.2.1 Secure development po licy 
A.14.2.2 System change control procedures  
A.14.2.3 Technical review of applications after operating 
platform changes  
A.14.2.4 Restrictions on changes to software packages  
A.14.2.5 Secure system engineering principles  
A.14.2.6 Secure development enviro nment  
 
 PR.PT -3: The principle o f least functionality is incorporated by 
configuring systems to provide only essential capabilities  
PR.PT -4: Communications and control networks are protected  
PR.AC -3: Remote access is managed  
PR.AC -5: Network integrity is protected (e.g., network segregat ion, 
network segmentation)  
PR.DS -2: Data -in-transit is protected  
DE.CM -6: External service provider activity is monitored to detect 
potential cybersecurity events  
DE.CM -7: Monitoring for unauthorized personnel, connections, 
devices, and software is perform ed 
 
Deploy sufficient resources to increase the cost of an attack: DDoS attacks can be counteracted by deploying as 
much resources as possible or moving the target system to a powerful infrastructure (e.g. cloud infrastructure)867. 
For instance, the higher the bandwidth of a system or service, the more difficult or expensive a successful attack 
will be for a cybercriminal868. 
ISO/IEC 27001 :2013  
7.5.3 Control of documented information  
8.1 Operational planning and control  
10.1 Nonconformity and corrective action  
A.11.2.4 Equipment maintenance  
A.12.1.2 Change management  
A.12.6.1 Management of technical vulnerabilities  
A.14.1.1 Information security requirements analysis and 
specification  
A 14.2 Security in development and support processes  
A.15.2.2 Managing c hanges to supplier services  NIST C ybersecurity Framework (C SF)  
Maintenance (PR.MA): Maintenance and repairs of industrial 
control and information system components are performed 
consistent with policies and procedures.  
Information Protection Processes and  Procedures (PR.IP): Security 
policies (that address purpose, scope, roles, responsibilities, 
management commitment, and coordination among organizational 
entities), processes, and procedures are maintained and used to 
manage protection of information syst ems and assets.  
PR.DS -3: Assets are formally managed throughout removal, 
transfers, and disposition  
PR.DS -4: Adequate capacity to ensure availability is maintained  
ID.SC -4: Suppliers and third -party partners are routinely assessed 
using audits, test result s, or other forms of evaluations to confirm 
they are meeting their contractual obligations.  
Model traffic trends and profiles: knowledge of the traffic trends and tendencies in the network is paramount to 
creating a baseline to simplify the detection of anomalies in the network activities that can be an indicator of a DDoS 
attack. Network and application monitoring tools can be used for this, further restricting the volume of incoming 
traffic869 870. 
ISO/IEC 27001 :2013  
9.1 Monitoring, measurement, analysis and evaluation  
A.12.2 Protection from malware  
A.12.4 Logging and monitoring  
A.12.6.1 Management of technical vulnerabilities  
A.14.1.2 Securing application services on public networks  
A.15.2.1 Monitoring and review of supplier services  
A.18.1.3 Protection of records  
 NIST C ybersecurity Framework (C SF)  
PR.DS -6: Integrity checking mechanisms are used to verify 
software, firmware, and information integrity  
PR.DS -8: Integrity checking mechanisms are used to verify 
hardware integrity  
Anomalies and Events (DE.AE): Anomalous activity is detected and 
the potential impact of events is understood.  
Security Continuous Monitoring (DE.CM): The information system 
and assets are monitored to identify cybersecurity events and verify 
the effectiveness of protective me asures.  
Detection Processes (DE.DP): Detection processes and 
procedures are maintained and tested to ensure awareness of 
anomalous events.  
PR.PT -1: Audit/log records are determined, documented, 
implemented, and reviewed in accordance with policy  
ID.RA -1: Asset vulnerabilities are identified and documented  
ID.SC -1: Cyber supply chain risk management processes are 
identified, established, assessed, managed, and agreed to by 
organizational stakeholders  
                                                           
867 Neustar, Pay Or Else: DDoS Rans om Attacks  
868 https://hacked.com/will -2022 -be-the-year-of-the-ddos -attack/   
869 David Warburton, F5Labs, DDoS Attack Trends for 2020, May 2021, https://www.f5.com/labs/articles/threat -intelligence/ddos -attack -trends -for-2020   
870 Neustar Security, Cyber Threats & Trends: Securing Your Network Pandemic -Style, 2020    
https://www.cdn.neustar/resources/whitepapers/security/neustar -cyber -threats -trends -2020 -report.pdf   ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
135 
 Maintenance (PR.MA): Maintenance and repairs of industrial  
control and information system components are performed 
consistent with policies and procedures.  
RS.MI -3: Newly identified vulnerabilities are mitigated or 
documented as accepted risks  
Cybersecurity training and education: DDoS attacks are often built on  a strong set of activities in preparation that 
range from botnet building to attack coordination and orchestration871. The remediations for these threats depend on 
correct and complete training and education in cybersecurity872. 
ISO/IEC 27001 :2013  
4.1 Understanding the organisation and its context  
4.2 Understanding the needs and expectations of 
interested parties  
5.3 Organisational roles, responsibilities, and authorities  
6.2 Information security objectives and planning to achieve 
them  
7 Support  
9.1 Monitoring, measurement, analysis and evaluation  
A.6.1.1 Information security roles and responsibilities  
A.6.1.2 Segregation of duties  
A.7 Human resource security  
A.9.3 User responsibilities  NIST C ybersecurity Framework (C SF)  
ID.AM -6: Cybersecurity roles and responsibilities for the entire 
workforce and third -party stakeholders (e.g., suppliers, customers, 
partners) are established  
ID.GV -2: Cybersecurity roles and responsibilities are coordinated 
and aligned with internal roles and external partners  
ID.GV -3: Legal and regulatory requirements regarding 
cybersecurity, including privacy and civil liberties obligations, are 
understood and managed  
RS.CO -1: Personnel know their roles and order of operations when 
a response is needed  
PR.IP -7: Protection processes are improved  
PR.IP -11: Cybersecurity is included in human resources practices 
(e.g., deprovisioning, personnel screening)  
DE.DP -1: Roles and responsibilities for detection are well defined 
to ensure accountability   
Awareness and Training (PR.AT): The organ ization’s personnel 
and partners are provided cybersecurity awareness education and 
are trained to perform their cybersecurity -related duties and 
responsibilities consistent with related policies, procedures, and 
agreements.  
 
 
 
DISINFORMATION – MISINFORMATION    
Regulations and laws need to be adapted to govern disinformation and deepfakes 873. Attackers must be made 
accountable for their activities (e.g., deepfake revenge pornography, fraud) and for the consequences on the 
target of disinformation. This aspect is particularly critical because regulations and laws must preserve 
freedom of expression and speech as well.  
ISO/IEC 27001 :2013  
7.4 Communication  
7.5 Documented information  
A.6.1.3 Contact with authorities  
A.6.1.4 Contact with  special interest groups  
A.8.2.2 Labelling of information  
A.16.1.2  Reporting Information Security Events  
 NIST C ybersecurity Framework (C SF)  
RS.CO -2: Incidents are reported consistent with established 
criteria  
RS.CO -3: Information is shared consistent with response 
plans  
RS.CO -4: Coordination with stakeholders occurs consistent 
with response plans  
RS.CO -5: Voluntary information sharing occurs with external 
stakeholders to achieve broader cybersecurity situational 
awareness  
DE.DP -4: Event detection infor mation is communicated  
                                                           
871 D4.2 concordia  
872 H-ISAC. D istributed Denial of Service (DDoS) Attacks, March 2021 https://www.aha.org/system/files/media/file/2021/03/distributed -denial -of-
service -ddos -attacks -march -2021.pdf   
873 Microsoft FY21 Digital Defense Report  
ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
136 
  
Training and awareness is key to understand disinformation and its working, and prepare proper 
countermeasures avoiding information fraudsters 874. Training employees in managing disinformation attacks, 
and also in assessing any e-mail and report becomes increasingly important 875 876. 
High -quality information: Supporting high -quality media information and journalism is key to debunk fake news 
and disinformation. A chain of trust should be grounded on trusted news organizations, report ing the 
reputation of the source at the center of the discussion. 877 
Modern Media Literacy: Modern media literacy is key to promote a culture of trustworthy and reliable 
information. People must be trained on how to understand, expect, and recognize disinfor mation and 
misinformation to reduce unintentional spreading of misinformation. 878 Work on media literacy should provide 
tools to support people in debunking fake news through source identification and news and information 
checking. 879 Media literacy improves i ndividuals resilience to disinformation, supporting the evaluation of 
accessed information and verification of the content source.  
Fact Check and Debunking False Stories: Many efforts by both non -profit organisations and government 
agencies have been unde rtaken to reduce the impact of disinformation and misinformation. 880 881 These 
actors aim to debunk publications and content carrying false information and fake news. 882  
AI pattern recognition: Pattern recognition based on AI can support the detection of manipu lated 
communications and content, to identify malicious multimedia content. 883 
ISO/IEC 27001 :2013  
4.1 Understanding the organization and its context  
4.2 Understanding the needs and expectations of 
interested parties  
5.3 Organizational roles, responsibilities, and authorities  
6.2 Information security objectives and planning to achieve 
them  
7 Support  
9.1 Monitoring, measurement, analysis and evaluation  
A.6.1.1 Information security roles and responsibilities  
A.6.1.2 Segregation of duties  
A.7 Huma n resource security  
A.9.3 User responsibilities  
A.12.2 Protection from malware  
A.12.4 Logging and monitoring  
A.12.6.1 Management of technical vulnerabilities  
A.15.2.1 Monitoring and review of supplier services  NIST C ybersecurity Framework (C SF)  
ID.AM -6: Cybersecurity roles and responsibilities for the entire 
workforce and third -party stakeholders (e.g., suppliers, 
customers, partners) are established  
ID.GV -2: Cybersecurity roles and responsibilities are 
coordinated and aligned with internal roles and external 
partners  
ID.GV -3: Legal and regulatory requirements regarding 
cybersecurity, including privacy and civil liberties obligations, 
are understood and managed  
RS.CO -1: Personnel know their roles and order of operations 
when a response is needed  
PR.IP -7: Protection processes are improved  
PR.IP -11: Cybersecurity is included in human resources 
practices (e.g., deprovisioning, personnel screening)  
PR.AT: The organization’s personnel and partners are 
provided cybersecurity awareness education and are trained 
to perform their cybersecurity -related duties and 
responsibilities consistent with related policies, procedures, 
and agreements.  
PR.DS -6: Integrity checking mechanisms are used to verify 
software, firmware, and information integrity  
PR.DS -8: Integr ity checking mechanisms are used to verify 
hardware integrity  
DE.AE -1: A baseline of network operations and expected data 
flows for users and systems is established and managed  
DE.AE -5: Incident alert thresholds are established  
DE.CM: The information syste m and assets are monitored to 
identify cybersecurity events and verify the effec tiveness of 
protective measures  
                                                           
874 D4.3 CONCORDIA  
875 Paul McEvatt, Fujitsu, 2021 Prediction: The Age of Disinformation Attacks, January 2021,  https://blog.global.fujitsu.com/fgb/2021 -01-12/2021 -
prediction -the-age-of-disinformation -attacks/       
876 Fujitsu, Top 10 Cyber Security Predictions for 2021, 2021, https://www.fujitsu.com/global/services/security/insights/predictions -2021/   
877 D4.3 CONCORDIA  
878 Microsoft FY21 Digital Defense Report  
879 Microsoft FY21 Digital Defense  Report  
880 Trend Micro, Fake News and Cyber Propaganda: The Use and Abuse of Social Media, June 2017,  
https://www.trendmicro.com/vinfo/it/security/news/cybercrime -and-digital -threats/fake -news -cyber -propaganda -the-abuse -of-social -media   
881 Tanveer Khan, Antonis Michalas, Adnan Akhunzada, Fake news outbreak 2021: Can we stop the viral spread?, Journal of Net work and Computer 
Applications, Volume 190, 2021  
882 Lion Gu, Vladimir Kropotov, and Fyodor Yarochkin, Trend Micro, The Fake News Machine: How Propagandists Abuse the Internet an d Manipulate 
the Public, 2017 , https://documents.trendmicro.com/assets/white_papers/wp -fake-news -machine -how-propagandists -abuse -the-internet.pdf   
883 Microsoft FY21 Digital Defense Report  
 Please use footnotes for providing additional or explanatory information and/or relevant links. References should be listed 
in a dedicated section. Use only the function References/Insert Footnote  ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
137 
 DE.DP -1: Roles and responsibilities for detection are well 
defined to ensure accountability  
DE.DP -2: Detection activities comply with all applic able 
requirements  
DE.DP -3: Detection processes are tested  
PR.PT -1: Audit/log records are determined, documented, 
implemented, and reviewed in accordance with policy  
It is important for enterprises to establish more resilient practices to clearly identify critical information 
gathering and distribution processes that should be strengthened to limit disinformation spread. According to 
identified processes, controls and validations must be employed to mitigate the impact of polluted data and 
mischaracterized information. 884 885 
ISO/IEC 27001 :2013  
7.5.3 Control of documented information  
8.1 Operational planning and control  
10.1 Nonconformity and corrective action  
A.11.2.4 Equipment maintenance  
A.12.1.2 Change management  
A.12.6.1 Management of technical vulnerabilities  
A.14.1.1 Information security requirements analysis and 
specification  
A 14.2 Security in development and support processes  
A.15.2.2 Managi ng changes to supplier services  NIST C ybersecurity Framework (C SF)  
PR.MA: Maintenance and repairs of industrial control and 
information system components are performed consiste nt with 
policies and procedures  
PR.IP -1: A baseline configuration of information 
technology/industrial control systems is created and 
maintained incorporating security principles ( e.g. concept of 
least functionality)  
PR.IP -2: A System Development Life Cycle to manage 
systems is implemented  
PR.IP -3: Configuration change control processes are in place  
PR.IP -4: Backups of information are conducted, maintained, 
and tested  
PR.IP -7: Protection processes are improved  
PR.DS -3: Assets are formally managed throughout removal, 
transfers, and disposition  
PR.DS -4: Adequate capacity to ensure availability is 
maintained  
ID.SC -4: Suppliers and third -party partners are routinely 
assessed using a udits, test results, or other forms of 
evaluations to confirm they are meetin g their contractual 
obligations  
External sources of intelligence can be manipulated before ingestion in the target enterprise system. Source 
validation and intelligence checking is key to reduce the risk and impact of data manipulation on the system. 
886 887 Deeply inquire and research, on different sources (especially institutional ones) are fundamental to 
avoid scams. 888 
ISO/IEC 27001 :2013  
6 Planning  
7.5.3 Control of documented information  
8 Operation  
8.1 Operational planning and control  
9.3 Management review  
10 Improvement  
10.1 Nonconformity and corrective action  
A.8.1.1 Inventory of assets  
A.11.2.4 Equipment maintenance  
A.12.1.2 Change management  
A.12.6.1 Management of technica l vulnerabilities  
A.14.1.1 Information security requirements analysis and 
specification  
A 14.2 Security in development and support processes  NIST C ybersecurity Framework (C SF)  
PR.MA -1: Maintenance and repair of organizational assets 
are performed and logged, with approved and controlled tools  
PR.MA -2: Remote maintenance of organizational assets is 
approved, logged, and performed in a manner that pre vents 
unauthorized access  
PR.IP -1: A baseline configuration of information 
technology/industrial control systems is created and 
maintained incorporating security principles (e.g. concept of 
least functionality)  
PR.IP -2: A System Development Life Cycle to m anage 
systems is implemented  
PR.IP -3: Configuration change control processes are in place  
PR.IP -4: Backups of information are conducted, maintained, 
and tested  
PR.IP -7: Protection processes are improved  
PR.IP -12: A vulnerability management plan is developed and 
implemented  
                                                           
884 Microsoft FY21 D igital Defense Report  
885 https://www.ofcom.org.uk/news -centre/2022/one -in-three -internet -users -fail-to-question -misinformation   
886 Microsoft  FY21 Digital Defense Report  
887 https://www.ofcom.org.uk/news -centre/2022/one -in-three -internet -users -fail-to-question -misinformation   
888 CONCORDIA D4.3  ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
138 
 A.15.2.2 Managing changes to supplier services  
A.18.2.1 Independent  review of information security  PR.DS -3: Assets are formally managed throughout removal, 
transfers, and disposition  
PR.DS -4: Adequate capacity to ensure availability is 
maintained  
ID.GV -4: Governance and risk management processes 
address cybersecurity risks  
ID.RA-1: Asset vulnerabilities are identified and documented  
ID.RA -3: Threats, both internal and external, are identified 
and documented  
ID.RA -4: Potential business impacts and likelihoods are 
identified  
ID.RA -5: Threats, vulnerabilities, likelihoods, and impa cts are 
used to determine risk  
ID.RA -6: Risk responses are identified and prioritized  
ID.RM: The organization’s priorities, constraints, risk 
tolerances, and assumptions are established and used to 
support operational risk decisions.   
RS.IM -1: Response pla ns incorporate lessons learned  
RS.IM -2: Response strategies are updated  
ID.SC -1: Cyber supply chain risk management processes are 
identified, established, assessed, managed, and agreed to by 
organizational stakeholders  
ID.SC -2: Suppliers and third party partners of information 
systems, components, and services are identified, prioritized, 
and assessed using a cyber supply chain risk assessment 
process  
ID.SC -4: Suppliers and third -party partners are routinely 
assessed using audits, test results, or other f orms of 
evaluations to confirm they are meetin g their contractual 
obligations  
RC.IM -1: Recovery plans incorporate lessons learned  
RC.IM -2: Recovery strategies are updated  
ID.AM -1: Physical devices and systems within the 
organization are inventoried  
ID.AM -2: Software platforms and applications within the 
organization are inventoried  
ID.AM -4: External information systems are catalogued  
ID.AM -5: Resources (e.g., hardware, devices, data, time, 
personnel, and software) are prioritized based on their 
classificati on, criticality, and business value  
DE.CM -8: Vulnerability scans are performed  
RS.MI -3: Newly identified vulnerabilities are mitigated or 
documented as accepted risks  
RS.AN -5: Processes are established to receive, analyze and 
respond to vulnerabilities dis closed to the organization from 
internal and external sources (e.g. internal testing, security 
bulletins, or security researchers)  
Network monitoring: Being able to identify the source location and organization of disinformation is critically 
important fo r implementing filtering functionalities. 889  
ISO/IEC 27001 :2013  
8.1 Operational planning and control  
9.1 Monitoring, measurement, analysis and evaluation  
A.12.4 Logging and monitoring  
A.13.1 Network security management  
A.13.2.1 Information transfer policies and procedures  
A.13.2.2 Agreements on information transfer  
A.14.1.2 Securing application services on public networks  
A.15.2.1 Monitoring and review of supplier services  
A.18.1.3 Protection of records  NIST C ybersecurity Framework (C SF)  
ID.RA -1: Asset vulnerabilities are identified and documented  
ID.SC -1: Cyber supply chain risk management processes are 
identified, established, assessed, managed, and agreed to by 
organizational stakeholders  
PR.MA -1: Maintenance and repair of organizational assets 
are performed and logged, with approved and controlled tools  
PR.MA -2: Remote maintenance of organizational assets is 
approved, logged, and performed in a manner that prevents 
unauthorized access  
DE.CM -1: The network is monitored to detect potential 
cyberse curity events  
                                                           
889 Microsoft FY21 Digital Defense Report  ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
139 
 DE.CM -2: The physical environment is monitored to detect 
potential cybersecurity events  
DE.CM -3: Personnel activity is monitored to detect potential 
cybersecurity events  
DE.CM -6: External service provider activity is monitored to 
detect poten tial cybersecurity events  
DE.CM -7: Monitoring for unauthorized personnel, 
connections, devices, and software is performed  
DE.AE -3: Event data are collected and correlated from 
multiple sources and sensors  
RS.MI -3: Newly identified vulnerabilities are mitig ated or 
documented as accepted risks  
PR.PT -1: Audit/log records are determined, documented, 
implemented, and reviewed in accordance with policy  
PR.PT -4: Communications and control networks are protected  
PR.AC -3: Remote access is managed  
PR.AC -5: Network in tegrity is protected (e.g., network 
segregation, network segmentation)  
PR.D S-2: Data -in-transit is protected  
Content verification and certification: Traditional cryptographic and security solutions can be employed to 
guarantee authenticity and provenance of collected information. Cross -organization collaborations can help in 
strengthening content certification. 890 Content verification and certification is at the basis of deepfakes 
detection.  
ISO/IEC 27001 :2013  
6 IPlanning  
6.2 Information security objectives  and planning to achieve 
them  
7.1 Resources  
7.2 Competence  
8 Operation  
9 Performance evaluation  
9.2 Internal audit  
9.3 Management review  
10 Improvement  
A.5.1.2 Review of the policies for information security  
A.12.1.3.Capacity Management  
A.12.7.1 Information systems audit controls  
A.18.2 Information security reviews  NIST C ybersecurity Framework (C SF)  
ID.AM -5: Resources (e.g., hardware, devices, data, time, 
personnel, and software) are prioritized based on their 
classification, criticality, and bus iness value  
PR.IP -7: Protection processes are improved  
PR.IP -8: Effectiveness of protection technologies is shared  
PR.IP -12: A vulnerability management plan is developed and 
implemented  
PR.DS -4: Adequate capacity to ensure availability is 
maintained  
ID.BE -5: Resilience requirements to support delivery of critical 
services are established for all operating states (e.g. under 
duress/attack, during recovery, normal operations)  
ID.GV -3: Legal and regulatory requirements regarding 
cybersecurity, including privacy and civil liberties obligations, 
are understood and managed  
ID.GV -4: Governance and risk management processes 
address cybersecurity risks  
ID.RA -1: Asset vulnerabilities are identified and documented  
ID.RA -3: Threats, both internal and external, are  identified 
and documented  
ID.RA -4: Potential business impacts and likelihoods are 
identified  
ID.RA -5: Threats, vulnerabilities, likelihoods, and impacts are 
used to determine risk  
ID.RA -6: Risk responses are identified and prioritized  
ID.RM : The organizat ion’s priorities, constraints, risk 
tolerances, and assumptions are established and used to 
support operational risk decisions  
DE.CM -8: Vulnerability scans are performed  
DE.DP -5: Detection processes are continuously improved  
ID.SC -4: Suppliers and third -party partners are routinely 
assessed using audits, test results, or other forms of 
evaluations to confirm they are meetin g their contractual 
obligations  
PR.AC -1: Identities and credentials are issued, managed, 
verified, revoked, and audited for authorized devices, users 
and processes  
                                                           
890 Microsoft FY21 Digital Defense Report  ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
140 
 PR.PT -1: Audit/log records are determined, documented, 
implemented, and reviewed in accordance with policy  
RS.IM -1: Response plans incorporate lessons learned  
RS.IM -2: Response strategies are updated  
RC.IM -1: Recovery plans incorporate lessons learned  
RC.IM -2: Recovery strategies are updated  
Social network detection and mitigation are still among the most important technical approaches for 
disinformation management. Countermeasures include: s uspension of fake accounts (e.g. accounts that post 
duplicate or redundant information), mechanisms to filter and flag fake news, reductions of automatic activities 
(e.g. Bots), artificial Intelligence tools and platforms to detect fake news based on online approaches , mobile 
applications  and chatbots powered by factcheckers targeting the general public, web -browser extensions for 
the general public . In addition, privacy tools that are natively supported by (social) platforms can help to mute, 
block, and report other users 891. 
ISO/IEC 27001 :2013  
9.1 Monitoring, measurement, analysis and evaluation  
A.12.2 Protection from malware  
A.12.4 Logging and monitoring  
A.12.6.1 Management of technical vulnerabilities  
A.15.2.1 Monitoring and review of supplier services  
A.16.1.1 Responsibilities and proce dures  
A.16.1.4Assessment of and decision on information 
security events  
A.16.1.5 Response to information security incidents  
A.16.1.6 Learning from information security incidents  
A.16.1.7 C ollection of evidence  NIST C ybersecurity Framework (C SF) 
PR.DS -6: Integrity checking mechanisms are used to verify 
software, firmware, and information integrity  
PR.DS -8: Integrity checking mechanisms are used to verify 
hardware integrity  
DE.AE -1: A baseline of network operations and expected data 
flows for users and syst ems is established and managed  
DE.AE -5: Incident alert thresholds are established  
DE.CM -1: The network is monitored to detect potential 
cybersecurity events  
DE.CM -2: The physical environment is monitored to detect 
potential cybersecurity events  
DE.CM -3: Personnel activity is monitored to detect potential 
cybersecurity events  
DE.CM -4: Malicious code is detected  
DE.CM -5: Unauthorized mobile code is detected  
DE.CM -6: External service provider activity is monitored to 
detect potential cybersecurity events  
DE.CM-7: Monitoring for unauthorized personnel, 
connections, devices, and software is performed  
DE.DP -1: Roles and responsibilities for detection are well 
defined to ensure accountability  
DE.DP -2: Detection activities comply with all applicable 
requirements  
DE.DP -3: Detection processes are tested  
PR.PT -1: Audit/log records are determined, documented, 
implemented, and reviewed in accordance with policy  
ID.RA -3: Threats, both internal and external, are identified 
and documented  
ID.RA -4: Potential business impact s and likelihoods are 
identified  
ID.RA -5: Threats, vulnerabilities, likelihoods, and impacts are 
used to determine risk  
ID.RA -6: Risk responses are identified and prioritized  
ID.SC -5: Response and recovery planning and testing are 
conducted with suppliers and third -party providers  
PR.IP -9: Response plans (Incident Response and Business 
Continuity) and recovery plans (Incident Recovery and 
Disaster Recovery) are in place and managed  
PR.IP -10: Response and recovery plans are tested  
RS.AN : Analysis is conducte d to ensure effective response 
and support recovery activities  
RS.IM -1: Response plans incorporate lessons learned  
RS.IM -2: Incidents are mitigated  
                                                           
891 https://www.apa.org/monitor/2022/06/news -misinformation -attack   ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
141 
 RS.CO -1: Personnel know their roles and order of operations 
when a response is needed  
RS.CO -3: Information is shared consistent with response 
plans  
RS.CO -4: Coordination with stakeholders occurs consistent 
with response plans  
RS.CO -5: Voluntary information sharing occurs with external 
stakeholders to achieve broader cybersecurity situational 
awareness  
RS.RP -1: Response plan is executed during or after an 
incident  
RC.RP -1: Recovery plan is executed during or after a 
cybersecurity incident  
RC.CO -2: Reputation is repaired after an incident  
 
 
RANSOMWARE   
Implement a secure and redundant backup strategy. Ensure you maintain offline, encrypted data backups that are 
regularly tested, following your backup procedures.  
ISO/IEC 27001 :2013  
A.12.3 Backup  
A.17.1 Information security continuity  
A.18.1.3 Protection of  records  NIST C ybersecurity Framework (C SF)  
PR.IP -4: Backups  of information are conducted, maintained, and 
tested  
Create, maintain, and exercise an incident response plan that is regularly tested. Document the communication 
flows, including response and notification  procedures during an incident. The ransomware Response Checklist from 
CISA can help you prepare.  
ISO/IEC 27001 :2013  
A.16.1.1 Responsibilities and procedures  
A.16.1.5 Response to information security incidents  
A.17.1 Information security continuity  
 NIST C ybersecurity Framework (C SF)  
PR.IP -9: Response plans (Incident Response and Business 
Continuity) and recovery plans (Incident Recovery and Disaster 
Recovery) are in place and managed  
PR.IP -10: Response and recovery plans are tested  
RS.RP -1: Response plan is executed during or after an incident  
Communications (RS.CO): Response activities are coordinate d 
with internal and external stakeholders (e.g. external support from 
law enforcement agencies ). 
Ensure your internet -facing  infrastructure is secure. Perform regular vulnerability scanning to identify and address 
vulnerabilities. Install (security) updat es and patches regularly, per your patch policy.  
ISO/IEC 27001:2013  
A.12.6.1 Management  of technical vulnerabilities  NIST C ybersecurity Framework (C SF)  
PR.IP -12: A vulnerability management plan is developed and 
implemented  
DE.CM -8: Vulnerability scans are performed  
Ensure remote access technology or other exposed services are configured security, and MFA and strong password 
policies are actively managed, audited, and enforced on the user accounts. Apply the principles of least privilege 
and separation of duties.  
ISO/IEC 27001:2013  
A.6.1.2 Segregation of duties   
A.6.2.1 Mobile device policy   
A.6.2.2 Teleworking  
A.9.1 Business requirements  of access control  NIST C ybersecurity Framework (C SF)  
Identity Management, Authentication and Access Control 
(PR.AC): Access to physical and logical assets and associated 
facilities is limited to authorized users, processes, and devices, 
and is managed consistent with the assessed risk of 
unauthorized access to authorized activities and transactions.   
ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
142 
 A.9.2 User access management  
A.9.3 User responsibilities  
A.9.4 System and application access control  
A.11.2.4 Equipment maintenance  
A.11.2.6 Security of Equipment and Assets Off -Premises   
A.13.1.1 Network Controls  
A.13.2.1 Information Transfer Policies & Procedures  
A.15.1.1 Information Security Policy for Supplier 
Relationships  
A.15.2.1 Monitoring and review of supplier services  PR.MA -2: Remote maintenance of organizational assets is 
approved , logged, and performed in a manner that prev ents 
unauthorized access   
Periodic security awareness  and training are critical, as ransomware often relies on social engineering to lure users 
into clicking a link.  
ISO/IEC 27001 :2013  
A.7.2.2  Information Security Awareness, Education and 
Training  
A.12.2.1  Documented Operating Procedures  NIST C ybersecurity Framework (C SF)  
Awareness and Training (PR.AT): The organization’s personnel 
and partners are provided cybersecurity awareness education 
and are trained to perform their cybersecurityrelated dutie s and 
responsibilities consistent with related policies, procedures, and 
agreements.  
Collaborate with peers and national CERTs. Use the tools available for sharing malware information and -mitigation 
(e.g., MISP).  
ISO/IEC 27001 :2013  
7.4 Communication  
A.6.1.3 Contact with authorities  
A.6.1.4 Contact with special interest groups  
A.16.1.2 Reporting Information Security Events  NIST C ybersecurity Framework (C SF)  
Communications (RS.CO): Response activities are coordinated 
with internal and external stakeholders (e.g. external support from 
law enforcement agencies).  
E.DP -4: Event detection  information is communicate  
Monitor and centralize logs using a security incident and event management (SIEM) solution. Develop relevant use -
cases to improve the effectiveness of detections and reduce log alert fatigue and achievable continuous monitoring.  
ISO/IEC 27001 :2013  
A.12.2.1  Documented Operating Procedures  
A.12.4.1 Event Logging  
A.16.1.7 Collection of evidence  NIST C ybersecurity Framework (C SF)  
Anomalies and Events (DE.AE): Anomalous activity is detected 
and the potential impact of events is understood.  
Security Continuous Monitoring (DE.CM): The information system 
and assets are monitored  to identify cybersecurity events and 
verify the effective ness of protective measures.  
Ensure your assets are inventoried, managed , and under control.  
ISO/IEC 27001 :2013  
A.8.1.1 Inventory of assets  
A.8.1.2 Ownership of Assets  
A.11.2.6 Security of Equipment and Assets Off -Premises,  
A.13.2.1 Information Transfer Policies & Procedures  
A.13.2.2 Agreements on information transfer   NIST C ybersecurity Framework (C SF)  
Asset Management (ID.AM): The data, personnel, devices, 
systems, and facilities that enable the organization to achieve 
business purposes are identified and managed consistent with 
their relative importance to organizational objectives and the 
organization’s risk strategy.   
Deploy EDR/XDR and ensure the signatures are up to date.  
Use application directory allow -listing, blocking any unauthoriz ed software execution.  
Monitor process execution to detect anomalies  
Employ e -mail filtering for malicious e -mails and  remove executable attachments.  
ISO/IEC 27001 :2013  
A.12.4.1 Event Logging  
A.14.2.7 Outsourced  Development  
A.15.2.1 Monitoring and review of supplier services   NIST C ybersecurity Framework (C SF)  
Anomalies and Events (DE.AE): Anomalous activity is detected 
and the potential impact  of events is understood.  
Security Continuous Monitoring (DE.CM): The information system 
and assets are monitored to identify cybersecurity events and 
verify the effectiveness  of protective measures .  
 ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
143 
 SUPPLY CHAIN ATTACKS   
Establish a formal C -SCRM (Cyber Supply Chain Risk Management) programme and setup a dedicated third -party 
risk management office.  
ISO/IEC 27001 :2013  
4.2 Understanding the needs and expectations of interested 
parties   
5.2 Policy   
7.4 Communication   
7.5 Documented information   
8.1 Operational planning and control   
9.3 Management review   
A.5.1.1 Policies for information Security   
A.7.1.2 Terms and conditions of employment   
A.7.2 During employment   
A.7.3 Termination and change of employment   
A.12.7 Information systems audit considerations   
A.13.2 Information transfer   
A.14.2.7 Outsourced development   
A.15 Supplier relationships   
A.18.1.1 Identification of applicable legislation and 
contractual requirements  NIST C ybersecurity Framework (C SF)  
ID.RM -1: Risk management processes are established, 
managed, and agreed to by organizational stakeholders   
ID.GV -2: Cybersecurity roles and responsibilities are coordinated 
and aligned with internal roles and external partners  
Supply Chain Risk Management (ID.SC):  
The organization ’s priorities, constraints, risk tolerances, and 
assumptions are established and used to support risk decisions 
associated with managing supply chain risk. The organization has 
established and implemented the processes to identify, assess 
and manage supply  chain risks.  
Communications (RS.CO): Response activities are coordinated 
with internal and external stakeholders (e.g. external support from 
law enforcement agencies).  
Include key suppliers in business continuity and incident response plans and exercises.  
Get insight into the functioning and services of the PSIRTs of key vendors, possibly with the help of the FIRST 
PSIRT Services Framework. It is strongly recommended that vendors start a PSIRT (according to the FIRST PSIRT 
Services Framework892) and coordinate security communications with customers via this PSIRT.  
ISO/IEC 27001 :2013  
A.16.1.1 Responsibilities and procedures  
A.16.1.4 Assessment of and decisions on information 
security events  
A.16.1.5 Response to information security incidents  
A.16.1.6 Learning from information security incidents  
A.16.1.7 Collection of evidence  NIST C ybersecurity Framework (C SF)  
Risk Assessment (ID.RA): The organization understands the 
cybersecurity risk to organizational operations (including mission, 
functions, image, or reputation), organizational assets, and 
individuals.  
ID.SC -5: Response and recovery planning and testing are 
conducted with suppliers and third -party providers  
PR.IP -9: Response plans (Incident Response and Business 
Continuity) and rec overy plans (Incident Recovery and Disaster 
Recovery) are in place and managed  
PR.IP -10: Response and recovery plans are tested  
Analysis (RS.AN): Analysis is conducted to ensure effective 
response and support recovery activities.  
Mitigation (RS.MI): Activi ties are performed to prevent expansion 
of an event, mitigate its effects, and resolve the incident.  
Improvements (RS.IM): Organizational response activities are 
improved by incorporating lessons learned from current and 
previous detection/response activit ies. 
Communications (RS.CO): Response activities are coordinated 
with internal and external stakeholders (e.g. external support from 
law enforcement agencies).  
RS.RP -1: Response plan is executed during or after an incident  
In awareness campaigns include a  warning that users should not re -use passwords at vendors.  
ISO/IEC 27001 :2013  
A.9.1 Business requirements of access control   
A.9.3 User responsibilities  NIST C ybersecurity Framework (C SF)  
Identity Management, Authentication and Access Control 
(PR.AC): Access to physical and logical assets and associated 
facilities is limited to authorized users, processes, and devices, 
                                                           
892 FIRST PSIRT Services Framework https://www.first.org/standards/frameworks/psirts/psirt_services_framework_v1.1   
ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
144 
 A.9.4.1 Information access restriction   
A.9.4.2 Secure log -on procedures   
A.9.4.3 Password management system  and is managed consistent with the assessed risk of 
unauthorized access to authorized activities and transactions.  
PR.DS -5: Protections against data leaks are implemented  
Develop your defences based on the principle that your systems will be breached. Start small and lo g and track 
asset activity on and between internal networks (user, system and services logs, network data such as DNS queries 
and NetFlow, etc.)  
ISO/IEC 27001 :2013  
9.1 Monitoring, measurement, analysis and evaluation  
9.3 Management review  
A.12.4 Logging and monitoring  
A.12.6.1 Management of technical vulnerabilities  
A.14.1.2 Securing application services on public networks  
A.15.2.1 Monitoring and review of supplier services  
A.16.1.4 Assessment of and decisions on information 
security events  
A.16.1.7 Col lection of evidence  
A.18.1.3 Protection of records  NIST C ybersecurity Framework (C SF)  
ID.RA -1: Asset vulnerabilities are identified and documented  
ID.RA -4: Potential business impacts and likelihoods are identified  
ID.RA -5: Threats, vulnerabilities, likelihoods, and impacts are 
used to determine risk  
ID.SC -1: Cyber supply chain risk management processes are 
identified, established, assessed, managed, and agreed to by 
organizational stakeholders  
PR.DS -6: Integrity checking mechanisms are used to verify  
software, firmware, and information integrity  
PR.DS -8: Integrity checking mechanisms are used to verify 
hardware integrity  
Maintenance (PR.MA): Maintenance and repairs of industrial 
control and information system components are performed 
consistent with p olicies and procedures.  
PR.PT -1: Audit/log records are determined, documented, 
implemented, and reviewed in accordance with policy  
PR.IP -7: Protection processes are improved  
Security Continuous Monitoring (DE.CM): The information system 
and assets are moni tored to identify cybersecurity events and 
verify the effectiveness of protective measures.  
Anomalies and Events (DE.AE): Anomalous activity is detected 
and the potential impact of events is understood.  
Detection Processes (DE.DP): Detection processes and 
procedures are maintained and tested to ensure awareness of 
anomalous events.  
RS.MI -3: Newly identified vulnerabilities are mitigated or 
documented as accepted risks  
RS.AN -1: Notifications from detection systems are investigated   
RS.AN -5: Processes are est ablished to receive, analyze and 
respond to vulnerabilities disclosed to the organization from 
internal and external sources (e.g. internal testing, security 
bulletins, or security researchers)  
There should be no gap between physical security and cybersecurity. Ensure that physical access to devices is 
restricted and authenticated.  
ISO/IEC 27001 :2013  
A.8.1 Responsibility for assets   
A.11 Physical and environmental security  NIST C ybersecurity Framework (C SF)  
ID.AM -1: Physical devices and systems within the organization 
are inventoried  
ID.AM -4: External information systems are catalogued  
PR.IP -5: Policy and regulations regarding the physical operating 
environment for organizational assets are met  
PR.IP -6: Data is destroyed according to policy  
PR.AC -2: Physical access to assets is managed and protected  
PR.AC -3: Remote access is managed  
PR.DS -3: Assets are formally managed throughout removal, 
transfers, and disposition  
PR.PT -2: Removable media is protected and its use restricted 
according to poli cy 
PR.PT -5: Mechanisms (e.g., failsafe, load balancing, hot swap) 
are implemented to achieve resilience requirements in normal 
and adverse situations  
DE.CM -2: The physical environment is monitored to detect 
potential cybersecurity events  
DE.CM -3: Personnel  activity is monitored to detect potential 
cybersecurity events  ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
145 
 DE.CM -6: External service provider activity is monitored to detect 
potential cybersecurity events  
Establish protocols for vulnerability disclosure and incident notification and establish prot ocols for communications 
with external stakeholders during incidents. Apply the FIRST 893 guidelines and practices for multi -party 
vulnerability coordination and disclosure.  
Use third -party assessments, site visits and formal certification to assess critical suppliers. Look beyond the 
software (or hardware) product and examine a suppliers' approach towards cybersecurity. Do not rely solely on 
vendor supplied documentation or information. Trust, but verify.  
Create an inventory of all the hardware, software and service providers on which you rely and trust. Make sure this 
inventory is checked automatically. Connections from unknown devices or software or abnormal traffic patterns 
from service providers should trigger an alert for follow -up investigations.  
A patch  management process should be implemented to check unused dependencies, unmaintained and/or 
previously vulnerable dependencies, unnecessary features, components, files and documentation. Ensure all 
software is up -to-date.  
ISO/IEC 27001 :2013  
6 Planning   
8 Operation  
9.3 Management review   
10 Improvement   
A.8.1.1 Inventory of assets   
A.12.6.1 Management of technical vulnerabilities  
A.18.2.1 Independent review of information security   
 NIST C ybersecurity Framework (C SF)  
ID.GV -4: Governance and risk management processes address 
cybersecurity risks  
Risk Assessment (ID.RA): The organization understands the 
cybersecurity risk to organizational operations (including mission, 
functions, image, or reputation), organizational assets, and 
individuals.  
Risk Ma nagement Strategy (ID.RM): The organization’s priorities, 
constraints, risk tolerances, and assumptions are established and 
used to support operational risk decisions.  
Asset Management (ID.AM): The data, personnel, devices, 
systems, and facilities that ena ble the organization to achieve 
business purposes are identified and managed consistent with 
their relative importance to organizational objectives and the 
organization’s risk strategy.  
ID.SC -1: Cyber supply chain risk management processes are 
identified, established, assessed, managed, and agreed to by 
organizational stakeholders  
ID.SC -2: Suppliers and third party partners of information 
systems, components, and services are identified, prioritized, and 
assessed using a cyber supply chain risk assessment p rocess  
Business Environment (ID.BE): The organization’s mission, 
objectives, stakeholders, and activities are understood and 
prioritized; this information is used to inform cybersecurity roles, 
responsibilities, and risk management decisions.  
PR.IP -12: A v ulnerability management plan is developed and 
implemented  
DE.CM -8: Vulnerability scans are performed  
RS.MI -3: Newly identified vulnerabilities are mitigated or 
documented as accepted risks  
RS.AN -5: Processes are established to receive, analyze and 
respond to vulnerabilities disclosed to the organization from 
internal and external sources (e.g. internal testing, security 
bulletins, or security researchers)  
Improvements (RS.IM): Organizational response activities are 
improved by incorporating lessons learned from current and 
previous detection/response activities.  
Improvements (RC.IM): Recovery planning and processes are 
improved by incorporating lessons learned into future activities.  
Document and align responsibilities in SaaS or PaaS managed cloud services . 
Have a vulnerability management policy. Ensure vulnerabilities are identified and tracked.  
Apply 'one strike and you’re out' policies with respect to vendor products that are either counterfeit or do not match 
specifications as contractually agreed and/or documented.  
Include security requirements in all RFPs and contracts.  
                                                           
893 FIRST SIG: https://www.first.org/global/sigs/vulnerability -coordination/multiparty/guidelines -v1.1  ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
146 
 Ensure boot integrity, and require firmware and driver security. Ensure that all firmware and drivers installed on 
servers or end -user equipment follow the necessary security requi rements and have the documentation needed to 
prove their compliance.  
ISO/IEC 27001 :2013  
4.3 Determining the scope of the information security 
management system   
4.4 Information security management system   
5.1 Leadership and commitment   
5.2 Policy   
5.3 Organisational roles, responsibilities and authorities   
6.2 Information security objectives and planning to achieve 
them   
9.3 Management review   
A.5.1.1 Policies for information security   
A.5.1.2 Review of the policies for information security   
A.6.1.1 Information security roles and responsibilities   
A.7.2.1 Management responsibilities   
A.18.1.1 Identification of applicable legislation and 
contractual requirements   
A.18.1.2 Intellectual property rights   
A.18.2.2 Compliance with security polic ies and standards  NIST C ybersecurity Framework (C SF)  
Governance (ID.GV): The policies, procedures, and processes to 
manage and monitor the organization’s regulatory, legal, risk, 
environmental, and operational requirements are understood and 
inform the management of cybersecurity risk.  
Business Environment (ID.BE): The organization’s mission, 
objectives, stakeholders, and activities are understood and 
prioritized; this information is used to inform cybersecurity roles, 
responsibilities, and risk manageme nt decisions.  
ID.AM -6: Cybersecurity roles and responsibilities for the entire 
workforce and third -party stakeholders (e.g., suppliers, 
customers, partners) are established  
Awareness and Training (PR.AT): The organization’s personnel 
and partners are provi ded cybersecurity awareness education 
and are trained to perform their cybersecurity -related duties and 
responsibilities consistent with related policies, procedures, and 
agreements.  
DE.DP -1: Roles and responsibilities for detection are well defined 
to ens ure accountability  
Implement continuous monitoring of sources of vulnerabilities and the use of tools for automatic and manual 
reviews of code.  
ISO/IEC 27001 :2013  
9.1 Monitoring, measurement, analysis and evaluation  
A.12.2 Protection from malware  
A.12.4 Logging and monitoring   
A.12.6.1 Management of technical vulnerabilities  
A.15.2.1 Monitoring and review of supplier services  NIST C ybersecurity Framework (C SF)  
PR.DS -6: Integrity checking mechanisms are used to verify 
software, firmware, and information integrity  
PR.DS -8: Integrity checking mechanisms are used to verify 
hardware integrity  
PR.PT -1: Audit/log records are determined, documented, 
implemented, and reviewed in accordance with policy  
DE.AE -1: A baseline of network operations and expected data 
flows for users and systems is established and managed  
DE.AE -5: Incident alert thresholds are established  
Security Continuous Monitoring (DE.CM): The information system 
and assets are monitored to identify cybersecurity events and 
verify the effectiveness of protective measures.  
Detection Processes (DE.DP): Detection processes and 
procedures are maintained and tested to ensure awareness of 
anomalous events.  
Setup tight controls on access by service vendors. Enforce the use of encrypted commun ications and multi -factor 
authentication.  
ISO/IEC 27001 :2013  
A.9.2 User access management   
A.9.4.4 Use of privileged utility programs   
A.9.4.5 Access control to program source code  NIST C ybersecurity Framework (C SF)  
ID.AM -5: Resources (e.g., hardware, devices, data, time, 
personnel, and software) are prioritized based on their 
classification, criticality, and business value  
ID.AM -6: Cybersecurity roles and responsibilities for the entire 
workforce and third -party stakeholders (e.g., suppliers, 
customers , partners) are established  
Identity Management, Authentication and Access Control 
(PR.AC): Access to physical and logical assets and associated 
facilities is limited to authorized users, processes, and devices, 
and is managed consistent with the assessed risk of 
unauthorized access to authorized activities and transactions.  
PR.DS -5: Protections against data leaks are implemented  
PR.PT -3: The principle of least functionality is incorporated by 
configuring systems to provide only essential capabilities  
Setup communication channels with the various PSIRTs of your vendors.  ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
147 
 ISO/IEC 27001 :2013  
7.4 Communication   
7.5 Documented information   
A.6.1.3 Contact with authorities   
A.6.1.4 Contact with special interest groups   
A.8.2.2 Labelling of information  NIST C ybersecurity Framework (C SF)  
DE.DP -4: Event detection information is communicated  
Communications (RS.CO): Response activities are coordinated 
with internal and external stakeholders (e.g. external support from 
law enforcement agencies).  
Enable MFA for access to developer accounts894. 
ISO/IEC 27001 :2013  
A.9.1 Business requirements of access control   
A.9.3 User responsibilities  
A.9.4.1 Information access restriction   
A.9.4.2 Secure log -on procedures   
A.9.4.3 Password management system  NIST C ybersecurity Framework (C SF)  
Identity Management, Authentication and Access Control 
(PR.AC): Access to physical and logical assets and associated 
facilities is limited to authorized users, processes, and devices, 
and is managed consistent with the assesse d risk of 
unauthorized access to authorized activities and transactions.  
PR.DS -5: Protections against data leaks are implemented  
Apply code hashing authentication.  
Scan and audit containers before putting them into production.  
ISO/IEC 27001 :2013  
6 Planning   
8 Operation   
9.2 Internal audit   
9.3 Management review   
10 Improvement   
A.5.1.2 Review of the policies for information security   
A.12.7.1 Information systems audit controls   
A.18.2 Information security reviews  NIST C ybersecurity Framework (C SF)  
Governance (ID.GV): The policies, procedures, and processes to 
manage and monitor the organization’s regulatory, legal, risk, 
environmental, and operational requirements are understood and 
inform the management of cybersecurity risk.  
Risk Assessment (ID.RA): The organization understands the 
cybersecurity risk to organizational operations (including mission, 
functions, image, or reputation), organizational assets, and 
individuals.  
Risk Management Strategy (ID.RM): The organization’s priorities, 
constraints, risk tolerances, and assumptions are established and 
used to support operational risk decisions.  
ID.SC -4: Suppliers and third -party partners are routinely 
assessed using audits, test results, or other forms of evaluations 
to confir m they are meeting their contractual obligations.  
PR.AC -1: Identities and credentials are issued, managed, 
verified, revoked, and audited for authorized devices, users and 
processes  
PR.PT -1: Audit/log records are determined, documented, 
implemented, and re viewed in accordance with policy  
PR.IP -7: Protection processes are improved  
PR.IP -12: A vulnerability management plan is developed and 
implemented  
DE.CM -8: Vulnerability scans are performed  
DE.DP -5: Detection processes are continuously improved  
Improvement s (RS.IM): Organizational response activities are 
improved by incorporating lessons learned from current and 
previous detection/response activities.  
Improvements (RC.IM): Recovery planning and processes are 
improved by incorporating lessons learned into fu ture activities.  
Isolate legacy systems and development ('non -production') systems in separate network segments.  
ISO/IEC 27001 :2013  
A.12.1.4 Separation of development, testing and operational 
environments   
A.13.1 Network security management  NIST C ybersecurity Framework (C SF)  
PR.DS -5: Protections against data leaks are implemented  
PR.DS -7: The development and testing environment(s) are 
separate from the production environment  
PR.PT -3: The principle of least functionality is incorporated by 
configur ing systems to provide only essential capabilities  
PR.PT -4: Communications and control networks are protected  
PR.AC -5: Network integrity is protected (e.g., network 
segregation, network segmentation)  
                                                           
894 https://github.blog/2022 -03-28-how-to-secure -your-end-to-end-supply -chain -on-github/   ENISA THREAT LANDSCA PE 2022  
NOVEMBER 2022  
 
148 
 PR.AC -6: Identities are proofed and bound to credentials  and 
asserted in interactions  
Use container image signing.  
ISO/IEC 27001 :2013  
A.10.1 Cryptographic controls   
A.18.1.5 Regulation of cryptographic controls   NIST C ybersecurity Framework (C SF)  
ID.GV -3: Legal and regulatory requirements regarding 
cybersecurity, including privacy and civil liberties obligations, are 
understood and managed  
Data Security (PR.DS): Information and records (data) are 
managed consistent with the organization’s risk strategy to 
protect the confidentiality, integrity, and a vailability of information.  
PR.PT -4: Communications and control networks are protected  
 
  
 
 
 
 
978-92-9204 -588-3 
ABOUT ENISA  
The European Union Agency for Cybersecurity, ENISA, is the Union’s agency dedicated to 
achieving a high common level of cybersecurity across Europe. Established in 2004 and 
strengthened by the EU Cybersecurity Act, the European Union Agency for Cyber security 
contributes to EU cyber policy, enhances the trustworthiness of ICT products, services and 
processes with cybersecurity certification schemes, cooperates with Member States and EU 
bodies, and helps Europe prepare for the cyber challenges of tomorr ow. Through 
knowledge sharing, capacity building and awareness raising, the Agency works together 
with its key stakeholders to strengthen trust in the connected economy, to boost resilience 
of the Union’s infrastructure and, ultimately, to keep Europe’s so ciety and citizens digitally 
secure. More information about ENISA and its work can be found here: 
www.enisa.europa.eu.  
 
ISBN 978 -92-9204 -588-3 
DOI: 10.2824/ 764318  