INCIDENT  
RESPONSE
REPORT
2022
2
INCIDENT RESPONSE REPORT   
2022
Table of 
ContentsExecutive Summary 5
01  How Incident Response Data Can  
Help Prevent Bad Days 7
02  What Attackers Are Going After in 2022 9
03  Spotlight: Ransomware—  
a Favorite Cash Cow for Cybercriminals 15
04  Spotlight: Business Email Compromise  
—Under the Radar, But Costly 22
05  Spotlight: Cloud Incidents—  
Low-Hanging Fruit for Threat Actors 24
06  Seven Issues Threat Actors  
Don’t Want You to Address 27
07  What Threat Actors Do Once  
They’re Inside a Network 29
08  Predictions: Follow the Money 32
09  If You Take Any Action to Protect  
Your Organization, Start With These Six Things  37
10  Conclusion: Securing Your Organization  
is a Journey, Not a Destination  39
Appendix: In-Depth Recommendations  
to Help Secure Your Organization 40
Recommendations to Help Make Your Organization  
as a Whole More Secure   40
Recommendations to Prevent Phishing Attacks  43
Patching Recommendations to Keep Your  
Organization’s Systems Up to Date  44
Recommendations to Secure Your Cloud Environment  44
Recommendations to Prevent Business Email Compromise  45
Methodology  4 6
Unit 42 Incident Response Methodology  47
About Palo Alto Networks & Unit 42 48
Palo Alto Networks Prevent, Detect,  
and Respond Capabilities 493
INCIDENT RESPONSE REPORT 2022Foreword
When it comes to cybersecurity , 
there is a risk to government, industry, 
and individual citizens alike. The world’s 
infrastructure, economy, and healthcare 
are increasingly dependent on digital 
systems, making it even more critical 
to align strategies and resources to 
best mitigate the risks and threats we 
are facing.
It is important to recognize that 
cybersecurity is no longer the 
responsibility of the few. It requires the 
constant vigilance and efforts of everyone 
throughout your organization. Because of 
the far-reaching ripple effects an attack 
can have across the digital ecosystem, 
we are seeing everyone, from boards 
to regulators, take a more active role, 
demanding greater transparency and 
the continuous demonstration of an 
organization’s preparedness to respond to 
the ever-evolving threat landscape.
A series of recent high-profile cyber 
attacks has spurred governments 
across the globe to propose new laws 
or regulations related to reporting 
significant cyber incidents, from the 
United States to the European Union, 
United Kingdom, Canada, Australia, India, 
and elsewhere. These requirements, if implemented appropriately, would 
serve to ensure governments have the 
visibility necessary to adequately respond 
to incidents affecting critical services 
and infrastructure, and ensure industry 
partners can effectively collaborate to 
defend against these threats.
In other cases, proposed rules would 
enhance public disclosure of material 
incidents by publicly traded companies, 
with a goal of ensuring boards and 
company executives are appropriately 
resourcing and implementing 
cybersecurity policies and procedures 
commensurate with that organization’s 
risk. The ultimate goal would be to 
improve an organization’s preparedness 
to withstand a cyberattack by ensuring 
executive-level oversight. 
In order to prepare, organizations must 
first understand what they are up against. 
The “2022 Unit 42 Incident Response 
Report” sheds light on the risks and 
threats that organizations are facing. It 
provides insights into threat actors and 
their methods that can then be used to 
help organizations identify potential 
gaps in their defenses and areas to focus 
on to improve their cybersecurity stance 
going forward. 4
INCIDENT RESPONSE REPORT 2022FOREWORD
Ciaran Martin
Founder and former CEO of the United Kingdom’s 
National Cyber Security Centre
This year, business email compromises 
(BEC) and ransomware were the top 
incident types Unit 42 handled. Both 
types of attacks are prevalent because 
they generate fast, easy money for 
criminal groups. Beyond lining an 
attacker’s pockets, these breaches can 
be used to fund and inform subsequent 
criminal acts, including those sponsored 
by nation-states. 
Ransomware in particular has been a 
focus area for many in the cybersecurity 
industry because of the impact on 
targeted organizations and those who 
depend on them. Ransomware threat 
actors gain control over critical data 
and resources and then leverage this 
control to coerce high-dollar payments 
from their victims. Unfortunately, these 
attacks have been made even easier with 
the rise of ransomware-as-a-service 
(RaaS) offerings.
Our job is to help break the cycle of 
illicit activity to protect the greater 
digital ecosystem. This report outlines recommendations that any organization 
can employ to strengthen its security 
posture and mitigate the impact of 
an incident. Implementing these best 
practices will go a long way toward making 
it harder and, therefore, less lucrative 
and appealing for threat actors to attack. 
Patching vulnerabilities, implementing 
multifactor authentication and fixing 
misconfigurations may not be exciting, 
but these foundational steps reduce an 
organization’s attack surface and ensure it 
is not an easy target.
Once the basics are covered, organizations 
can move to implement additional 
capabilities and defenses to address the 
more advanced hackers and tactics. The 
goal is to make it as difficult and costly 
as possible for attackers to succeed at any 
attack stage. It will take everyone being 
vigilant and working tirelessly to protect 
our connected, digital ecosystem, but 
this effort is vital if we are to ensure that 
ecosystem is always there and functioning 
to the benefit of us all.INCIDENT RESPONSE REPORT 20225
Every week brings news about threat actors—new 
campaigns, new groups, new types of attacks, new 
targets. Defenders can easily wind up playing catchup, 
but what does it take to flip the script?  Executive Summary
SOC teams need to know where to 
focus defensive and network security 
efforts in a dynamic cyberthreat 
landscape. CISOs need to understand the 
greatest security risks they face, and where 
to prioritize scarce resources to reduce them.
Unit 42 has insights into hundreds of incident 
response cases, as well as global telemetry 
and threat intelligence gathered at a large 
scale, and we can use that to provide insights 
into today’s cyberthreat landscape—and 
where it might be headed. 
Using a selection of over 600 incident 
response cases conducted over the past year, 
we identified these key patterns and trends:70%of incident response cases  
over the past twelve months were 
ransomware and business email 
compromise (BEC).
MORE THAN
87%of positively identified vulnerabilities 
fell into one of six major categories: 
ProxyShell, Log4j, SonicWall, 
ProxyLogon, Zoho ManageEngine 
ADSelfService Plus and Fortinet.  
7 most targeted industries were 
finance, professional and legal 
services, manufacturing, healthcare, 
high tech, and wholesale and retail. 77%of intrusions  are suspected to be 
caused by three initial access vectors: 
phishing, exploitation of known 
software vulnerabilities and brute-force 
credential attacks —focused primarily 
on remote desktop protocol (RDP). 
50%of targeted organizations  
lacked multifactor authentication 
on key internet-facing systems 
such as corporate webmail, virtual 
private network (VPN) solutions 
and other remote access solutions.6
INCIDENT RESPONSE REPORT 2022EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
While there is no one-size-fits-all solution to protect your organization from 
cyberattacks, CISOs, SOC leaders, incident responders, security analysts, 
network defenders, and other professionals can use commonalities in our cases 
to understand what attackers are going after and how they’ve been successful. 
We accompany these insights with concrete recommendations on how to protect 
your organization. This is our way of sharing lessons from the incident response 
trenches to help bolster your security efforts.
We also asked our incident responders to look ahead to the cyberthreats 
on the horizon. They shared the following predictions: 
• The window of time to patch high-profile vulnerabilities before 
exploitation will continue to shrink.
• The widespread availability attack frameworks and hacking-as-a-
service-based platforms will continue to increase in the number of 
unskilled threat actors.
• Reduced anonymity and increased instability with cryptocurrency could 
lead to a rise in business email compromise or payment card-related 
website compromise.
• Declining economic conditions could push more people into cybercrime as 
a way to make ends meet.
• Hacktivism and politically motivated attacks will increase as motivated 
groups continue to hone their ability to leverage social media and 
other platforms to organize and target both public and private sector 
organizations seen as adversarial.     
Alongside these predictions, we offer strategies for how you can get ahead of these 
future threats today.
In the pages that follow, we identify the top methods attackers used to gain initial 
access, as well as details on what led to the incident or allowed it to escalate. 
We provide an in-depth spotlight on several key incident types—ransomware, 
business email compromise, and cloud incidents. Finally, we share our top 
actionable recommendations for securing organizations based on our experience 
helping clients.  INCIDENT RESPONSE REPORT 2022
7How Incident Response Data 
Can Help Prevent Bad Days01
Incident response services are there for you on a bad day. When 
you need to use them, every second counts. At that moment, 
you likely have a critical security incident to address and the top 
priority is to contain and eradicate threats, recover, and restore 
your organization’s ability to function as quickly as possible. 
Reading about incident response can be a 
totally different experience. 
You can do this at a much calmer moment, gaining 
insights from what’s gone wrong in the larger world so 
you know how to prepare your organization—and, we 
hope, successfully prevent some of those bad days. 
For any type of incident response, the key questions 
remain the same: What did they do? How did they 
do it? Did they take anything? When our experts ask 
those questions, we learn what we need to help an 
individual client, and we build up a body of knowledge 
about how threat actors operate and how they gain 
access to systems. 
Our incident responders say there are key pieces of 
advice they give to almost every client about how 
to recover from an incident and close security gaps 
moving forward.You don’t have to wait until a bad day to get that 
advice. We’ve gathered our top insights from hundreds 
of recent cases and are sharing them here along with 
key tips for prevention and preparedness. You may still 
need to call on incident response services one day – 
threat actors can be determined and innovative. 
Our hope is that if you do, you’ll have some 
peace of mind even if you’re having a bad day 
as you make that call. 
If you apply the top recommendations we share here, 
you’ll know that you’ve made a strong start toward 
preparing your organization for today’s threat 
landscape. You’ll have an understanding of your 
organization’s security posture so that if you do need 
to respond to a critical security incident, you’ll come at 
that effort with a foundation of confidence. You’ll know 
that you’ve taken steps to limit the damage threat 
actors can do within your systems and put measures in 
place to ease the recovery process.8
INCIDENT RESPONSE REPORT 2022HOW INCIDENT RESPONSE DATA CAN HELP PREVENT BAD DAYS
How to Use This Report
If you’re a security leader:
Use the data in this report to help determine where 
to focus your resources. Pay close attention to What 
Attackers Are Going After in 2022  and Predictions: 
Follow the Money , and use these views of the current 
and future threat landscape to help you strategize 
about where your organization most needs protection. 
Sharing the report with your Board could help start and 
support conversations about the resources you need to 
properly protect your organization and the potential 
impact of a breach. You may benefit from spotlights on 
specific challenges, including ransomware, business 
email compromise and cloud incidents—especially 
if these are areas of particular concern for you or 
your board. Consider sharing the report with your 
direct reports and security teams, too, so they can 
evaluate and implement recommendations in the 
areas you prioritize. 
However you decide to steer your team, it’s worth 
taking a look at our incident responders’ top 
recommendations: If You Take Any Action to Protect 
Your Organization, Start With These Six Things . We 
recommend ensuring that your organization has 
these fundamentals covered since they would help 
prevent and mitigate many types of incidents that 
organizations commonly face.If you’re a security practitioner: 
This report includes many practical recommendations 
based on our incident responders’ on-the-
ground experiences. Start with our team’s top 
recommendations—a set that is tailor-made to help 
prevent and mitigate many types of incidents that 
organizations commonly face. You’ll find them in the 
section titled, If You Take Any Action to Protect Your 
Organization, Start With These Six Things .
Once you’ve laid the foundation, move to the more 
in-depth recommendations that follow the conclusion. 
These are grouped based on the incident types they’re 
designed to address so you can focus your efforts on 
the issues that matter most to you and your leadership. 
It may also benefit you to look closely at the sections 
on threat actor behavior. Seven Issues Threat Actors 
Don’t Want You to Address  covers the seven security 
gaps that we most commonly observed threat actors 
using to their advantage. What Threat Actors Do Once 
They’re Inside a Network  includes our observations 
of threat actors’ most commonly used capabilities 
after initial access. Both these sections can translate 
to practical guidance on where to shore up your 
organization’s defenses. 
Consider sharing the report with your peers and 
leadership to coordinate your defense efforts and 
obtain buy-in on key approaches to protecting 
your organization.INCIDENT RESPONSE REPORT 2022
9What Attackers Are 
Going After in 2022
If you know what attackers are going after, you know what you 
most need to protect. Here’s what we found in our case data 
about the most common incident types, how attackers are 
gaining initial access, what vulnerabilities they’re exploiting, 
and which industries they’re targeting.
Attackers’ financial motivations drive 
heavy use of ransomware and business 
email compromise. 
Incident Types 
Ransomware and BEC were the top attacks we responded to over 
the past 12 months, accounting for approximately 70% of our 
incident response cases. 
While these two attacks are the primary ways threat actors 
can monetize illicit access to networks, attackers have and 
use additional strategies for financial gain. Threat actors have 
increasingly paired extortion with encryption (sometimes 
including added threats of informing customers or the press, 
or conducting a distributed denial-of-service attack). Some 
attackers focus on extortion alone. For example, 4% of our cases 
involved extortion without encryption—a technique distinct 
from ransomware that can be simpler to execute. In these cases, 
attackers coerce organizations into paying by threatening the 
release of customers’ data. 
Our incident responders and threat intelligence analysts note 
that extortion without encryption is likely to rise. The efficacy 
of extortion tactics has even led some prominent threat actors 
associated with the Conti ransomware group to publicly state 
that they envision focusing their future efforts on attacking 
organizations through extortion alone.Ransomware is a type of malware used 
by cybercriminals for financial gain. 
It is delivered in the same way any 
type of malware makes its way onto 
targeted systems (e.g., through known 
vulnerabilities, already compromised 
systems, social engineering tactics, 
etc.). Once deployed, the ransomware 
will encrypt the organization’s files 
and render them unusable to the 
organization. The attacker demands 
ransom, promising to provide a 
decrypter and not further disclose the 
client’s data or identity  in exchange.
Business Email Compromise (BEC)  is 
a category of threat activity involving 
sophisticated scams which target 
legitimate business email accounts 
through social engineering (e.g., 
phishing) or other computer intrusion 
activities. Once businesses are 
compromised, cybercriminals leverage 
their access to initiate or redirect 
the transfer of business funds for 
personal gain. 02Types of Investigations Conducted by Unit 42 in 2022
Ransomware
36%
Business Email Compromise (BEC)
34%Network Intrusion
14%
Insider Threat
5%
Extortion – 
No Encryption
4%
PCI Investigation
1%
Web App 
Compromise
1%Exposure
Investigation
1%
Other Types
<1%Other Digital
Forensics
2%
10
INCIDENT RESPONSE REPORT 2022WHAT ATTACKERS ARE GOING AFTER IN 2022
Figure 1: Types of Investigations Conducted by Unit 42 in 2022
Attackers are looking for easy ways in.
Suspected Means of Initial Access 
The top three access vectors for threat actors were phishing, 
exploitation of known software vulnerabilities and brute-force 
credential attacks—focused primarily on remote desktop protocol 
(RDP). These three attack vectors totaled over 77% of the suspected 
root causes for intrusions. Of note, the next most commonly 
used means of access for threat actors was leveraging previously 
compromised credentials. Remote Desktop Protocol (RDP)  is 
a protocol on Microsoft Windows 
systems that is designed to allow 
users to connect to and control a 
remote system. Common legitimate 
uses include allowing IT support to 
remotely control a user’s system to 
fix an issue, allowing access to virtual 
machines in cloud environments 
and remotely managing cloud assets. 
Unfortunately, it is easy to expose 
RDP unintentionally, which has led to 
it becoming a popular initial attack 
vector among threat actors.Phishing
37%Software
Vulnerabilities
31%
4%
3%6%
5%
5%9%
Abuse of Trusted
Relationship(s) / Tool(s)Previously
Compromised
Credentials
Insider Threat
OthersSocial EngineeringBrute-force
Credential 
AttacksSuspected Means of Initial Access
Log4j
14%SonicWall
CVEs
7%Other
Vulnerabilities
13%
4%3%
5%
ProxyShell
55%ProxyLogonZoho ManageEngine
ADSelfService PlusFortiNet CVEsExploited Vulnerabilities in Unit 42 Cases
11
INCIDENT RESPONSE REPORT 2022WHAT ATTACKERS ARE GOING AFTER IN 2022
Figure 2: Suspected Means of Initial Access
Figure 3: Exploited Vulnerabilities in Unit 42 CasesA few key vulnerabilities have 
become attackers’ favorites.
Exploited Vulnerabilities
For cases where responders positively identified the 
vulnerability exploited by the threat actor, more 
than 87% of them fell into one of six CVE categories.  
The primary categories are and their corresponding 
CVEs, where available, are:
• ProxyShell (CVE-2021-34473, CVE-2021-
34523, CVE-2021-31207)
• Log4j
• SonicWall CVEs
• ProxyLogon (CVE-2021-26855, CVE-2021-
26857, CVE-2021-26858, CVE-2021-27065)
• Zoho ManageEngine ADSelfService Plus  
(CVE-2021-40539)
• Fortinet CVEsHow do organizations 
find out they’ve 
been compromised?  
Often, organizations notice an alert or 
find software that shouldn’t be installed, 
signaling that something odd is going on 
in the network. 
Other times, the threat actor reveals their 
presence by popping up with a ransom 
note. 
Sometimes, it gets stranger than that. 
In one case, a threat actor compromised 
a series of identification photos and 
other sensitive scanned documents, 
then stitched the images into a mosaic 
depicting a famous character related 
to the threat actor’s moniker as proof 
of exfiltration.     12
INCIDENT RESPONSE REPORT 2022WHAT ATTACKERS ARE GOING AFTER IN 2022
Log4Shell
On Dec. 9, 2021, a zero-day remote code 
execution (RCE) vulnerability in Apache Log4j 
2 was identified as being exploited in the wild. 
Public proof-of-concept (PoC) code was released 
and subsequent investigation revealed that 
exploitation was incredibly easy to perform. What 
followed was a series of events that will go down 
in cybersecurity history. 
RCE vulnerabilities are often high severity 
because they allow an attacker to execute 
malicious code on a system, but this vulnerability 
had a particularly far-reaching impact. Log4Shell 
was rated a 10  on the Common Vulnerability 
Scoring System (CVSS)—the highest possible 
score. And while Apache Log4j 2 may not have 
been a household name outside the technical 
community, the software underlies a large 
number of well-known services and systems. 
Organizations all over the globe had 
vulnerable systems (whether or not they 
knew it), and mass scanning activities 
seeking these vulnerable systems began 
almost immediately. 
Unit 42 researchers monitored hits  on 
the Apache Log4j Remote Code Execution 
Vulnerability Threat Prevention 
signature, which allowed us to gain 
visibility into exploitation attempts. 
Between Dec. 10, 2021, and Feb. 2, 2022, 
we observed almost 126 million hits 
triggering the signature. While the 
largest number of hits occurred in days immediately following public knowledge of the 
vulnerability (Dec. 12-16), spikes of hits continued 
to take place throughout that entire period. 
When we investigated what would have 
happened had the hits on our Threat Prevention 
signature been successful, we observed  a wide 
range of attempted activities: vulnerable server 
identification via mass scanning, the installation 
of backdoors to exfiltrate sensitive information 
and to install additional tools, the installation 
of coin mining software for financial gain and 
many more.
Before long, incident response cases also began 
to appear. Log4j accounts for 14% of cases where 
responders positively identified the vulnerability 
exploited by the threat actor—despite only being 
public for a few months of the time 
period we studied.
“Log4Shell is not the first 
vulnerability garnering 
significant public interest, 
and it almost certainly won’t 
be the last. That’s why it’s important to 
look at Log4Shell both as a standalone 
vulnerability that demands discrete analysis 
and reflection, and as the latest in a string 
of national-level vulnerabilities that impact 
federal systems, critical infrastructure, and 
state and local networks alike.” 
Jen Miller-Osborn, Unit 42 Deputy Director of Threat Intelligence  
Written testimony submitted to the Homeland Security and 
Governmental Affairs Committee of the U.S. Senate
13
INCIDENT RESPONSE REPORT 2022Zoho Manage Engine AD SelfService Plus
On Sept. 16, 2021, the U.S. Cybersecurity and 
Infrastructure Security Agency (CISA) released an alert  
warning that advanced persistent threat (APT) actors 
were actively exploiting newly identified vulnerabilities 
in a self-service password management and single 
sign-on solution known as Zoho ManageEngine 
ADSelfService Plus. 
Building upon the findings of that initial report, on Nov. 
7, Unit 42 disclosed  a second, more sophisticated, active 
and difficult-to-detect campaign that had resulted in 
the compromise of at least nine organizations.
By Dec. 2, the number of targets had grown to 13 
across the technology, defense, healthcare, energy, 
finance and education industries, and we had identified 
patterns consistent with a persistent campaign (tracked as TiltedTemple ). The actor continued to conduct 
reconnaissance against these industries and others, 
including infrastructure associated with five U.S. states.
Our threat intelligence analysts believe that the actor’s 
primary goal involved gaining persistent access to the 
network and the gathering and exfiltration of sensitive 
documents from compromised organizations.
While the vulnerability in Zoho ManageEngine 
ADSelfService Plus accounts for only 4% of cases where 
responders positively identified the vulnerability 
exploited by the threat actor, the TiltedTemple 
campaign illustrates how a determined threat actor 
can use a vulnerability as a doorway to extensive 
malicious activity.WHAT ATTACKERS ARE GOING AFTER IN 2022
Attackers follow the money when targeting industries.
Industries Affected: Cases by Industry 
The top affected industries were finance, professional and legal services, 
manufacturing, healthcare, high tech, and wholesale and retail. These 
industries accounted for over 60% of our cases. Organizations within these 
industries store, transmit and process high volumes of monetizable sensitive 
information that attracts threat actors. 
Attackers may at times purposely target certain industries—for example, 
financial organizations because they frequently conduct wire transfers, or 
healthcare organizations because they may be particularly motivated to avoid 
operational disruptions. However, many attackers are opportunistic, simply 
scanning the internet in search of systems where they might leverage specific 
vulnerabilities. In some cases, industries may have been particularly affected 
not because attackers intended to target them but because, for example, 
organizations in those industries happen to make widespread use of certain 
software with known vulnerabilities.14
INCIDENT RESPONSE REPORT 202275%
of insider threat cases were caused by a 
disgruntled ex-employee with enough sensitive 
data to become a malicious threat actor.WHAT ATTACKERS ARE GOING AFTER IN 2022
Figure 4: Top Affected Industries in 2022Top Affected Industries in 2022
0 10
RECORD COUNT20 30 40 50 60 70 80 90Finance
Professional &
Legal Services
Manufacturing
Healthcare
High Technology
Wholesale
& Retail
Education
Hospitality
Key Insight: Insider threats often 
involve theft of intellectual property.   
Our incident responders report many ways this can 
happen, including: 
• Transferring data to personal accounts (especially 
possible when remote work allows an employee to 
simply shut off a VPN). 
• Physically transporting corporate property to a 
competitor’s location.
• Using inside knowledge to locate and hire the same 
contractors and support staff, who then may have 
access to privileged information.But not all motivations are financial.  
Grudges matter, too.
Insider Threats 
Insider threats were not the most common type 
of incident we handled—5.4%—but they can be 
significant because they involve a malicious actor 
who knows exactly where to look to find sensitive 
data. Seventy-five percent of our insider threat cases 
pertained to a disgruntled ex-employee who left with 
company data, destroyed company data, or accessed 
company networks after their departure.  
However, our consultants note that many attacks that 
appear initially to be insider threats turn out to come 
from cybercriminals who, for instance, purchased 
stolen credentials. With mature markets for illicit 
initial access available, differentiating between 
legitimate user access and malicious user access is 
becoming more challenging.INCIDENT RESPONSE REPORT 202215
Spotlight:  
Ransomware
A FAVORITE CASH COW  
FOR CYBERCRIMINALS
Multi-extortion techniques,  including 
double extortion, occur when attackers 
not only encrypt the files of an 
organization, but also name and shame 
the targets and/or threaten to launch 
additional attacks (e.g., distributed 
denial of service, known as DDoS) to 
encourage organizations to pay more 
quickly. Many ransomware groups 
maintain dark web leak sites for the 
purpose of double extortion.
Ransomware as a service (RaaS) is a 
business for criminals, by criminals, 
with agreements that set the terms for 
providing ransomware to affiliates, 
often in exchange for monthly fees or 
a percentage of ransoms paid. RaaS 
makes carrying out attacks that much 
easier, lowering the barrier to entry for 
would-be threat actors and expanding 
the reach of ransomware. Unit 42 is 
actively tracking at least 56 active 
RaaS groups, some of which have been 
operating since 2020. Due to the success 
of these groups, we expect activity of 
this type to continue to grow.Ransomware has grabbed attention in recent years. 
It sometimes seems as if every week brings new high-profile 
headlines about multimillion dollar demands from threat 
actors. The choice of targets has at times been disturbing, 
including hospitals and other organizations that people 
depend on for the needs of daily life. 
Ransomware can disrupt daily operations, causing 
significant headaches and financial pressure. Increasingly, 
affected organizations can also expect threat actors to use 
double extortion, threatening to publicly release sensitive 
information if a ransom isn’t paid. 
Cybercriminals have displayed innovation on the one 
hand—introducing sophisticated attack tools, extortion 
techniques, and marketing campaigns. On the other hand, 
the RaaS business model has lowered the technical bar for 
entry by making powerful tools accessible to wannabe cyber 
extortionists with easy-to-use interfaces and online support.
What follows is a set of observations from our case data 
that highlight the impact that ransomware has had on 
various industries.0316
INCIDENT RESPONSE REPORT 2022SPOTLIGHT: RANSOMWARE—A FAVORITE CASH COW FOR CYBERCRIMINALS
Case Study: LockBit 2.0 Ransomware
LockBit 2.0 is a rebrand of LockBit ransomware and has become one of the 
most common ransomware variants that organizations are facing this year.
LockBit 2.0  is offered as ransomware 
as a service (RaaS), but represents a 
departure from the usual RaaS storyline. 
While in many cases, RaaS appeals to 
less technically savvy threat actors, 
LockBit 2.0 operators allegedly only work 
with experienced penetration testers, 
especially those experienced with tools 
such as Metasploit and Cobalt Strike. 
This can make it more challenging for 
organizations to defend against the 
variant. Affiliates are tasked with gaining 
initial access to the targeted network, 
allowing LockBit 2.0 to conduct the rest 
of the attack.
LockBit 2.0 is also known for its extensive 
use of double- and multi-extortion 
techniques. The group maintains a leak 
site – a website located on the dark 
web where names and details about 
compromised organizations are posted 
and shared in order to increase the 
pressure to pay a ransom. In addition, 
LockBit 2.0 operators have been known 
to perform distributed denial-of-service 
(DDoS) attacks against compromised 
organizations’ infrastructure to raise the 
volume even higher—a technique known 
as triple extortion.
As of May 25, 2022, LockBit 2.0 accounted 
for 46% of all ransomware-related 
breach events shared on leak sites in 
2022. The LockBit 2.0 RaaS leak site 
has published names and information about more than 850 compromised 
organizations. The site itself typically 
features information such as victim 
domains, a time tracker and measures of 
how much data was compromised. 
LockBit 2.0 has been observed changing 
infected computers’ backgrounds to a 
ransom note, which not only demands 
payment but also attempts to recruit 
insiders from targeted organizations. 
Notes that we’ve observed claimed that 
threat actors would pay “millions of 
dollars” to insiders who provided access 
to corporate networks or facilitated 
a ransomware infection by opening 
a phishing email and/or launching a 
payload manually. The threat actors 
also expressed interest in other access 
methods such as RDP , VPN and corporate 
email credentials. In exchange, they offer 
a cut of the paid ransom.
These tactics underscore how 
organizations must prepare to defend 
against evolving business models being 
used by threat actors. LockBit 2.0 is not 
simply aiming to encrypt data and halt 
business operations; the group also aims 
to do reputational harm and to encourage 
insider threats. Defense against this type 
of ransomware requires a comprehensive 
awareness of possible attack vectors 
and a strong incident response plan  for 
mitigating damage after an initial breach.17
INCIDENT RESPONSE REPORT 2022SPOTLIGHT: RANSOMWARE—A FAVORITE CASH COW FOR CYBERCRIMINALS
Brute-force
Credential Attacks
20%Phishing
12%8%8%4% Software
Vulnerabilities
48%
Previously
Compromised
CredentialsAbuse of Trusted 
Relationship(s) / Tool(s)OtherRansomware - Suspected Means of Initial Access
Figure 5: Ransomware – Suspected Means of Initial AccessRansomware: Initial Access
Ransomware threat actors appear to 
favor different means of initial access 
than we saw in our overall statistics. For 
ransomware, the suspected means of initial 
access for 48% of our cases came from 
software vulnerabilities. This is followed 
by brute-force credential attacks at 20%, 
phishing at 12%, and both previously 
compromised credentials and abuse of 
trusted relationships or tools at 8%.
The heavy use of software vulnerabilities 
matches the opportunistic behavior we 
often see from ransomware actors. They 
typically scan the internet at scale for 
vulnerabilities and weak points where 
they can focus. This approach and brute-
force credential attacks (typically focused 
on RDP) can get them the majority 
of their business.  
Ransom Demands and Payments
We have seen ransom demands  as high as $30 million 
over the past year, and we have seen instances of 
clients paying  ransoms over $8 million.
Threat actors increasingly mention cyber insurance 
during ransomware negotiations as a reason why a 
victim organization can afford to pay a ransom. This 
is sometimes just a negotiation tactic, as we have 
observed this even with clients who are uninsured. Even so, 
threat actors do attempt to access financial information when 
they have unauthorized access to a  
victim organization and calculate ransom demands based on 
the (perceived) revenue of the organization being extorted.
News reports often include other examples of large ransom 
demands or payments.“Threat actors will find 
a way into a network 
if they want to.” 
Jessica Ho, Unit 42 Principal Consultant
18
INCIDENT RESPONSE REPORT 2022SPOTLIGHT: RANSOMWARE—A FAVORITE CASH COW FOR CYBERCRIMINALS
Ransom Demands  
and Payments by Industry
When we break our case data by industry, 
we find the averages and medians shown in 
Figures 6 and 7. (Note: The median payments 
shown in Figure 7 are calculated using 
only cases where a ransom was paid and do 
not directly relate to the average amount 
demanded shown in Figure 6.)
$1.63M Manufacturing
$1.41M Healthcare$3.05MWholesale
& Retail$5.20M Real EstateFinance $7.96M
Professional & 
Legal ServicesConstruction $2.02M
Hospitality $1.47MTransportation
& Logistics$1.53M
EducationHigh Tech $2.52M
$8M $7M $6M $5M $4M $3M $2M $1M $0Average Ransom Demand by Industry
$0.63M$0.69M
Figure 6: Average Ransom Demand by Industry
MEDIAN RANSOM PAID MEDIAN RANSOM DEMAND$2M
$1M$1.5M
$0.5M
$0When Ransom is Paid: 
Median Reduction from Initial Demand by Industry
Professional & 
Legal Services-51%
Manufacturing-74%
Wholesale
& Retail-62%
Transportation
& Logistics-70%
High
Technology-60%
Healthcare-85%
Finance-53%
Figure 7: When Ransom is Paid: Median Reduction  from Initial Demand by IndustryKey Insight: Ransomware 
attacks can happen fast.  
The median dwell time we observed 
for ransomware attacks – meaning the 
time threat actors spend in a targeted 
environment before being detected, 
was 28 days. Our security consultants 
say that clients most often learn about 
ransomware attacks the hard way—
when they receive a ransom note.19
INCIDENT RESPONSE REPORT 2022SPOTLIGHT: RANSOMWARE—A FAVORITE CASH COW FOR CYBERCRIMINALS
Most Active Ransomware Groups
Among the cases our incident response consultants handled, certain 
ransomware groups stood out as particularly active. Ransomware groups 
are often known for using particular tactics, techniques, and procedures 
(TTPs), so knowing which groups are most active and dangerous can help 
your security teams determine where to focus your defense. Be aware, 
however, that new ransomware groups start up regularly, and existing 
groups often rebrand for a variety of reasons, including to shift their 
approach or to avoid attention from law enforcement.Unit 42 regularly releases freely 
available overviews of active 
ransomware groups, including 
TTPs and advice for how to 
defend against them. 
Read our assessments of:
• Conti
• LockBit 2.0
• Phobos
• Dharma
• REvil  
• BlackCat  
Sign up for notifications  on new 
research about ransomware 
groups and other threats.
For an in-depth ransomware 
update and overview of 
ransomware threat actors 
and their TTPs, refer to the 
2022 Unit 42 Ransomware 
Threat Report 2022  or our 
corresponding webinar .Conti
LockBit / LockBit 2.0
Hive
Dharma
PYSA
Phobos
ALPHV / BlackCat
REvil
BlackMatter
Other VariantsMost Active Ransomware Variants in 2022 - 
Unit 42 Incident Response Data
22%
14%
8%
7%
7%
7%
6%
5%
5%
18%
Figure 8: Top Confirmed Ransomware Actors Observed in Unit 42 Cases20
INCIDENT RESPONSE REPORT 2022SPOTLIGHT: RANSOMWARE—A FAVORITE CASH COW FOR CYBERCRIMINALS
Figure 9A: Industries Affected by Ransomware vs Ransomware Groups
Professional & Legal Services
LockBit /
LockBit 2.0
Conti
Hive
BlackCat
Dharma
REvil
BlackMatter
Phobos
Healthcare
Manufacturing
Education
High Technology
Hospitality
PYSA
LockBit /
LockBit 2.0
Conti
Hive
BlackCat
Dharma
REvil
BlackMatter
Phobos
PYSA
LockBit /
LockBit 2.0
Conti
Hive
BlackCat
Dharma
REvil
BlackMatter
Phobos
PYSA
LockBit /
LockBit 2.0
Conti
Hive
BlackCat
Dharma
REvil
BlackMatter
Phobos
PYSA
LockBit /
LockBit 2.0
Conti
Hive
BlackCat
Dharma
REvil
BlackMatter
Phobos
PYSA
LockBit /
LockBit 2.0
Conti
Hive
BlackCat
Dharma
REvil
BlackMatter
Phobos
PYSA
Industries Affected by Ransomware vs Ransomware Groups21
INCIDENT RESPONSE REPORT 2022SPOTLIGHT: RANSOMWARE—A FAVORITE CASH COW FOR CYBERCRIMINALS
Figure 9B: Industries Affected by Ransomware vs Ransomware Groups
LockBit /
LockBit 2.0
Conti
Hive
BlackCat
Dharma
REvil
BlackMatter
Phobos
PYSA
LockBit /
LockBit 2.0
Conti
Hive
BlackCat
Dharma
REvil
BlackMatter
Phobos
PYSA
LockBit /
LockBit 2.0
Conti
Hive
BlackCat
Dharma
REvil
BlackMatter
Phobos
PYSA
LockBit /
LockBit 2.0
Conti
Hive
BlackCat
Dharma
REvil
BlackMatter
Phobos
PYSA
LockBit /
LockBit 2.0
Conti
Hive
BlackCat
Dharma
REvil
BlackMatter
Phobos
PYSA
LockBit /
LockBit 2.0
Conti
Hive
BlackCat
Dharma
REvil
BlackMatter
Phobos
PYSA
Wholesale & Retail
Finance & Insurance
Construction
Transportation & Logistics
Real Estate
State & Local Government
Industries Affected by Ransomware vs Ransomware GroupsINCIDENT RESPONSE REPORT 202222
Spotlight:  
Business Email Compromise
UNDER THE RADAR, BUT COSTLY
Case Study
It was a typical day for our client, an executive with a U.S. 
financial services firm that relies on a widely used MFA 
mobile app to protect access to email, customer files, and 
other sensitive data. His iPhone kept pinging him with 
MFA requests to access his email, interrupting him on a 
day packed with customer meetings. He was annoyed by 
the intrusion, figuring it was some kind of system error, 
and rejected each request so he could focus on work. 
He thought it was over when the requests stopped. Months 
later, however, he learned he had fallen for an MFA fatigue 
attack. He had mistakenly authorized one of those many 
requests, unknowingly granting an attacker unfettered 
access to his email. He learned about the compromise 
when his bank flagged suspicious wire transfers totaling 
nearly $1 million. Our investigation uncovered the 
exposure of data belonging to the company, its employees, 
and clients. 
Fortunately, the company was able to recover the stolen 
funds, but attacks of this nature can still be costly in terms 
of reputation—as well as the time and resources spent 
cleaning up after them.
For more examples of BEC from Unit 42 case files, refer 
to our blog, " Nightmare Email Attacks (and Tips for 
Blocking Them) ."Key Business Email Compromise Data 
Points From Unit 42 Investigations
7-48 DAYS
Typical Dwell Time Prior to 
Containment
38 DAYS
Median Dwell Time
$286,000
Average Amount of  
Successful Wire Fraud04While ransomware attacks tend to dominate the headlines, 
cybercriminals continue to compromise business emails for financial 
gain. The U.S. Federal Bureau of Investigation calls BEC the “ $43 billion 
scam ,” referring to statistics for incidents reported to the Internet Crime 
Complaint Center from 2016- 2021.
Techniques for business email compromise can vary. Some threat groups 
gain access to targeted accounts through brute-force credential attacks, 
for example. However, social engineering, including phishing, is often an 
easy and cost-effective way to gain clandestine access while maintaining 
a low risk of discovery. 
In many cases, cybercriminals are simply asking their unwitting targets 
to hand over their credentials—and getting them.
23
INCIDENT RESPONSE REPORT 2022SPOTLIGHT: BUSINESS EMAIL COMPROMISE—UNDER THE RADAR, BUT COSTLY
SilverTerrier
Over the past half decade, Unit 42 has actively monitored the evolution of 
business email compromise with a unique focus on threat actors based in 
Nigeria, which we track under the name “ SilverTerrier. ” 
While BEC is a global threat, our focus on Nigerian actors provides insights 
into one of the largest subcultures of this activity, given the country’s 
consistent ranking as one of the top hotspots for cybercrime. We have 
compiled one of the most comprehensive data sets across the cybersecurity 
industry, with over 170,700 samples of malware from over 2.26 million 
phishing attacks, linked to roughly 540 distinct clusters of BEC activity. 
This telemetry enables Unit 42 researchers to proactively share intelligence 
on cybercriminals with law enforcement agencies. We were recently able 
to assist with investigations and operations led by INTERPOL , resulting in 
several high-profile BEC actors being arrested in Operation Falcon II  and 
Operation Delilah .24
 INCIDENT RESPONSE REPORT 2022Spotlight: Cloud Incidents
LOW-HANGING FRUIT  
FOR THREAT ACTORS
“Right now, threat actors 
in the cloud don't have 
to try very hard to be 
successful at what they 
do. They may look around 
and say, 'Okay, there is 
a door, here are the keys – nobody even 
knows we found them. Let's see if this 
works. Oh, it does!' Then they take what 
they think is worth something, leave a 
ransom note, and kick over a few flower 
pots on the way out—just to add a dash 
of destruction.” 
Ashlie Blanca, Unit 42 Consulting DirectorCloud incident response cases deserve 
a separate discussion because our incident 
response consultants say there are two key 
distinctions in the cloud cases we handle: 
1. Different technology concepts mean that 
incident response cases in the cloud often 
work differently than traditional incident 
response cases. 
2. Right now, cloud threat actors have it easy due 
to the many unknown facets of the current 
cloud threat landscape (though organizations 
have the power to change this).
How the Cloud Landscape Changes 
Incident Response
Cloud environments are ever-changing. Instances 
are spun up briefly to handle key workloads, and 
the next day they no longer exist. Standard incident 
response procedures, specific to data collection, 
often aren’t as effective in cloud environments 
because the cloud landscape is both dynamic and 
ephemeral, and cloud environments can be complex, 
often using a variety of applications and tools that 
may even be hosted across several different cloud 
service providers (CSPs). This can create a challenge 
in identifying the full scope. Case Study
An organization set up a cloud environment for 
a short-term project. It was left exposed to the 
internet and misconfigured with a blank root 
password. A threat actor happened to find the asset 
and came in, wiped the data, and left a ransom note.
0525
INCIDENT RESPONSE REPORT 2022SPOTLIGHT: CLOUD INCIDENTS—LOW-HANGING FRUIT FOR THREAT ACTORS
Incident response cases involving cloud breaches call for a different 
understanding of how to gather evidence. Ephemeral workloads may mean it’s 
not as simple as pulling a standard set of logs, and the amount of data required 
for review often far exceeds what’s seen in a traditional case. Working in the 
cloud also requires an understanding of the shared responsibility model. 
Some aspects of security are the responsibility of the CSP's hosting data and 
applications, but others are the responsibility of the customer. 
Many customers appreciate the “plug and play” aspects of operating in the 
cloud, and they operate trusting in the security controls afforded by major 
CSPs, but that security breaks down when organizations don’t realize that 
those security controls often need to be activated and properly configured. 
Organizations are also responsible for identity and access management  
(IAM)—setting and maintaining proper controls over who can do what in a 
given cloud environment. 
While understanding cloud technologies and configuring them properly is 
a general issue in cloud security, it can have a specific impact on incident 
response. For example, if an organization hasn’t properly configured data 
and logs, it’s possible not to have access to that information in the event of 
a breach. In some cases, our consultants report having to subpoena CSPs to 
obtain key information for an investigation—a time-consuming process at a 
moment when every second counts.
Why Cloud Threat Actors Have it Easy 
Our security consultants say that misconfigurations are a primary root cause 
of breaches in the cloud—and the problem appears to be growing worse. 
Properly configured cloud environments ensure that data is preserved and 
present, turn on security controls provided by CSPs, and manage identity and 
access to avoid sharing powerful capabilities or sensitive information with 
people who don’t need it. 
Improperly configured cloud environments can essentially leave the door 
unlocked for malicious actors, allowing them to gain initial access without 
needing to find and exploit a vulnerability or make use of sophisticated 
techniques. Unfortunately, improperly configured cloud environments 
are extremely common. Recent Unit 42 research into IAM analyzed more 
than 680,000 identities across 18,000 cloud accounts from 200 different 
organizations and found that nearly all (99%) lacked the proper IAM policy 
controls to remain secure.  This matters because the same research found that 
65% of known cloud security incidents were due to misconfigurations . 26
INCIDENT RESPONSE REPORT 2022SPOTLIGHT: CLOUD INCIDENTS—LOW-HANGING FRUIT FOR THREAT ACTORS
To make matters worse, when Unit 42 researchers have followed 
changes in misconfigurations over time, they’ve observed more 
misconfigurations , not fewer. We’ve also observed that known 
cloud incidents have grown at a faster rate  than cloud workloads. 
This essentially means that threat actors targeting cloud 
environments have plenty of low-hanging fruit to choose from. 
As a result, our security consultants focused on cloud incident 
response say they don’t typically see the same types of cases that 
are common for the rest of the organization. Ransomware, for 
example, is harder to deploy in cloud environments  and often 
calls for more complexity than cloud threat actors need to meet 
their goals. 
Instead, many threat actors targeting cloud environments simply 
steal credentials—often stored externally in GitHub or other 
code-sharing instances and not sufficiently secured—and then 
engage in data theft or destruction. Occasionally, threat actors 
extort organizations by using their access to drive up resource 
costs, coercing payment through the threat of an exorbitant bill 
from a CSP.  These tactics allow threat actors to make money by 
selling sensitive information or extorting organizations without 
needing to use sophisticated malware.For an in-depth overview 
of cloud security findings, 
with a particular focus on the 
importance of identity and access 
management and the TTPs of 
cloud threat actors, refer to the 
Unit 42 Cloud Threat Report, 
Volume 6 , or watch Unit 42 
researchers discuss these issues 
in an on-demand video .
How to Make a Cloud Threat Actor’s Job Harder
Our consultants say that one of the best things organizations can 
do to protect against breaches in cloud environments is to ensure 
that those responsible for those environments are well-trained 
in how to properly configure them and how to manage access 
securely. Simply making it harder for threat actors to gain access 
would prevent a great number of today’s cloud incidents. Our 
clients often notice a breach due to alerts going off or an uptick 
in resource usage. This means that ensuring that monitoring and 
logging are properly set up can help identify issues quickly. 
As long as the majority of organizations are leaving cloud threat 
actors easy access points, attackers likely won’t mature their 
techniques. After all, why work harder than necessary? However, 
our consultants predict that as more organizations learn how to 
properly safeguard cloud environments, threat actors will likely 
begin to use more sophisticated techniques.INCIDENT RESPONSE REPORT 202227
When breaches happen, one of the most common questions 
after the fact is: What went wrong? Below are the most 
common answers from the cases we handled. Seven Issues Threat Actors 
Don’t Want You to Address06
1 4
25
36
7Multifactor authentication 
In 50% of cases , organizations lacked 
multifactor authentication on key internet-
facing systems such as corporate webmail, 
virtual private network (VPN) solutions and 
other remote access solutions.
EDR/XDR
In 44% of cases , organizations did not have 
an endpoint detection and response (EDR) 
or extended detection and response (XDR) 
security solution or it was not fully deployed 
on the initially impacted systems to detect and 
respond to malicious activities.
Patch management
In 28% of cases , having poor patch management 
procedures contributed to threat actor 
success. This refers to any time a non-zero-day 
vulnerability was exploited by a threat actor 
in any way and includes situations in which an 
exploit helped a threat actor at some point after 
initial access. It does not include cases when 
threat actors exploited a zero-day vulnerability 
to gain access.Mitigations for  
brute-force attacks
In 13% of cases , organizations had no 
mitigations in place to ensure account 
lockout for brute-force credential attacks.
Security alerts
In 11% of cases , organizations failed to 
review/action security alerts.
Password security
In 7% of cases , weak password security 
practices contributed to threat actors’ 
ability to further their objectives 
(e.g., default password, blank or 
empty password, easily guessed or 
brute-forced password).
Misconfigurations
In 7% of cases , system misconfiguration 
was a contributing factor to the incident.Consider this list a reverse-engineered set of recommendations based on our 
case observations from the past year.  If you ensure your organization addresses the issues 
below before an incident occurs, you can discourage threat actors who are after low-hanging 
fruit. If threat actors do try to attack your systems, they’ll have a harder task ahead. In other 
words, here are seven issues threat actors are hoping you won’t get around to addressing.50%
of organizations involved in breaches  
lacked multifactor authentication on  
key internet-facing systems.
28
INCIDENT RESPONSE REPORT 2022SEVEN ISSUES THREAT ACTORS DON’T WANT YOU TO ADDRESS
In many of these matters, organizations did do 
some of these things in many  instances. But even 
one gap is all an attacker needs to get a foothold into 
a victim’s environment. 
Likewise with EDR/XDR deployment, even in 
environments with broad coverage, there can be 
“shadow IT” (unmanaged or unauthorized) systems 
in the environment with inadequate security controls, 
or unsupported legacy systems with deficient 
protections. Often companies are unaware of these 
systems, and they can end up being contributing 
factors to a cybersecurity incident.
Therefore, one important step organizations can 
take to improve defenses is to conduct a thorough 
inventory of what’s on the network and watch out 
for anomalies, which can be done through an attack 
surface management solution. If you know the attack 
surface, you have a better chance of getting ahead of a 
threat actor.“If your organization has 
an EDR or XDR solution, 
make sure to monitor  
the alerts. 
I have been on multiple 
engagements where threat actors were 
eventually able to disable EDR and 
antivirus to deploy ransomware. The 
clients sometimes see this as a failure of 
their security product, when in fact, their 
security tool has been telling them there 
are major, obvious problems for weeks or 
even months before the threat actor was 
finally able to get to a point where they 
could disable security tools.
This advice also applies to old school 
antivirus for organizations that don’t 
have EDR or XDR. Many threat actor 
tools will be blocked by antivirus. It is 
important to stay on top of what your 
security tools are blocking so you can take 
appropriate action.”
John Percival, Unit 42 ConsultantCase Study
Unit 42 incident responders assisted a client with 
a matter where it was determined that the threat 
actor was persistently accessing the environment 
using the client’s VPN solution. The company’s IT 
personnel were bewildered as to how this could 
happen since they required MFA for all accounts. 
Unit 42 determined that a single IT administrator 
had been granted an exception and used a web-
based SSL VPN portal to support a legacy solution 
that did not require MFA, and this ended up being 
the threat actor’s entry vector. 
29
INCIDENT RESPONSE REPORT 2022Once attackers gain access to 
a network, they have certain 
typical goals. For example, 
they might begin using tactics 
associated with discovery—
gaining knowledge about 
the system and internal 
network—in order to decide 
what to do next.What Threat 
Actors Do Once 
They’re Inside 
a NetworkThis section describes the capabilities we most commonly 
observed threat actors using in our incident response cases 
after initial compromise of a network. If you work closely with 
the specifics of your organization’s systems, this list can help 
you see what you most need to watch for. If you safeguard your 
organization from a higher-level perspective, you can share 
this list with your security team or use it to help you gain an 
understanding of how threat actors typically behave once 
they’re inside. 
Discovery
This is a step attackers take to figure out what they can do 
with the access they’ve gained. They’re essentially exploring 
a system and internal network to see what they can control, 
what they can steal, what else they can attack, etc. 
Capabilities most commonly used for discovery
• Advanced IP Scanner
• Advanced Port Scanner
• AdFind
• Nmap
Command and Control or Beacon
Command and control (C2) covers the techniques that 
attackers use to communicate between a network they’ve 
compromised and a network they control. For example, 
malware often “phones home” to a C2 server to check for other 
malware to download or to send exfiltrated data to the threat 
actor. Attackers typically take steps to make C2 traffic appear 
“normal” in some way to make it harder for organizations to 
notice that a breach has occurred. 
Capabilities most commonly used for C2/Beacon
• Cobalt Strike
• Metasploit0730
INCIDENT RESPONSE REPORT 2022WHAT THREAT ACTORS DO ONCE THEY’RE INSIDE A NETWORK
Lateral Movement
An attacker gains initial access to a specific part of a network. Similar 
to opening doors to get from a foyer into other parts of a house, lateral 
movement is the process attackers use to move into and control other 
systems on a network. Doing this expands the impact an attacker can 
have in a compromised environment.
Capabilities most commonly used for lateral movement
• AnyDesk
• ConnectWise/ScreenConnect
• TeamViewer
• Splashtop
• Microsoft Remote Desktop• LogMeIn
• TightVNC
• PuTTY
Credential Harvesting
Credential harvesting is another way for attackers to gain access to 
more resources or more sensitive information. It refers to methods 
of stealing names and passwords. Like many other techniques here, 
this expands access for the threat actor, which in turn expands the 
potential impact of the breach. 
Capabilities most commonly used for credential harvesting
• Mimikatz
• LaZagne
• Impacket secretsdump
• Procdump targeting lsass process
• Multifunctional post-exploitation tools (e.g., Cobalt Strike)Key Insight
Our incident responders sometimes find that threat actors have been 
active in an environment for much longer than initially thought by 
the client. In some cases, threat actors have been found to have been 
active and moving laterally through an environment for a period of six 
months or more.31
INCIDENT RESPONSE REPORT 2022WHAT THREAT ACTORS DO ONCE THEY’RE INSIDE A NETWORK
Exfiltration 
Exfiltration means stealing data. This is often where attackers 
make their money. Once they steal data, they can sell it to interested 
parties or extort the target by threatening to release it publicly.
Capabilities most commonly used for exfiltration
• Applications
 −Rclone
 −MEGASync
 −FileZilla
 −WinSCP
• Compression
 −7-Zip
 −WinRAR
• Web/cloud storage services
 −MEGA
 −Dropbox
 −Google Drive
 −OneDrive
 −DropMeFiles
 −Sendspace
 −Web Email Services
 −Threat Actor Controlled 
System“The quantity of stolen 
data does not directly 
correlate to the 
negative impact of 
its theft. Unauthorized acquisition of 
a single spreadsheet containing a list 
of individuals’ personally identifiable 
information (PII) could result in a 
large data breach, even though the 
file size itself may be very small. 
Companies should avoid storing such 
repositories of sensitive information 
in unencrypted files and should be 
cognizant of where this information is 
located in their environment.”
Dan O’Day, Unit 42 Consulting Director
Classifying Attacker Behavior
One common language for understanding adversary tactics and techniques, used by 
many organizations globally, is the MITRE ATT&CK  framework, which seeks to classify 
real-world observations of threat actors. This framework provides a way to understand 
the underlying purpose of the actions attackers take, and it provides a clear way to 
communicate about these actions across organizations. When Unit 42 publishes about 
adversary behavior, we typically align what we’ve seen with this framework, and it can 
be a useful reference if you’re seeking more information about any of the categories of 
attacker behavior listed here.
INCIDENT RESPONSE REPORT 202232
So far, we’ve shared key insights into current trends around 
breaches. We know attackers are often financially motivated and 
they’re looking for the easy way in—and we’ve shared the specifics 
of how that appears in the current threat landscape. Predictions: Follow the Money
But we also asked our security 
consultants to take a guess at where 
threat actors are going in the near future. 
After all, so much of cybersecurity involves the 
constant attempt to stay ahead of ever-evolving 
threats – where might defenders get a leg up? 
As always, the general advice is to continue to 
follow the money. Since much of what threat 
actors do is financially motivated, a good rule of 
thumb for defenders is to secure any pathway that 
could allow attackers to make a buck. 
However, our on-the-ground view can give us 
more specific insights. Here are our incident 
responders’ top predictions for the coming year. 
“One thing is certain: 
Wherever threat 
actors can make 
money is where 
they’re going to spend their time.”
Chris Brewer, Unit 42 Consulting DirectorPrediction #1: Time to Patch  
High-Profile Vulnerabilities Will 
Continue to Shrink
Attackers are making increasing use of high-profile 
zero days—the kind you read about in the news. For 
evidence, see our earlier statistics on attackers’ use of 
Apache Log4j vulnerabilities, for example, and highly 
publicized vulnerabilities in Zoho ManageEngine 
ADSelfService Plus.  Anytime a new vulnerability is 
publicized, our threat intelligence team observes 
widespread scanning for vulnerable systems. Our 
security consultants say they’re also seeing threat 
actors—ranging from the sophisticated to the script 
kiddies—moving quickly to take advantage of publicly 
available PoCs to attempt exploits. 
While some threat actors continue to rely on older, 
unpatched vulnerabilities, we’re increasingly seeing 
that the time from vulnerability to exploit is getting 
shorter. In fact, it can practically coincide with the 
reveal if the vulnerabilities themselves and the access 
that can be achieved by exploiting them are significant 
enough. For example, Palo Alto Networks released 
a Threat Prevention signature for the F5 BIG-IP 
Authentication Bypass Vulnerability (CVE- 2022-1388) , 
and within just 10 hours, the signature triggered 
2,552 times due to vulnerability scanning and active 
exploitation attempts. 
0833
INCIDENT RESPONSE REPORT 2022PREDICTIONS: FOLLOW THE MONEY
The 2022 Attack Surface Management 
Threat Report  found that attackers typically 
start scanning for vulnerabilities within 
15 minutes of a CVE being announced.  
Additionally, end-of-life (EoL) systems 
remain unpatchable and available to an 
opportunistic attacker for exploitation. For 
example, the same report found that nearly 
32% of exposed organizations are running 
the EoL version of Apache Web Server, which 
is open for remote code execution from the 
vulnerabilities CVE- 2021-41773 and CVE-
2021-42013. We expect this trend to continue 
and be augmented by the ongoing increase in 
internet-exposed attack surface. 
What You Can Do to Get Ahead
Organizations may have previously grown used to taking time 
between the disclosure of a vulnerability and patching it, but while 
it’s still necessary to perform due diligence on a patch, attackers’ 
ability to scan the internet in search of vulnerable systems means 
it’s more important than ever to shorten the time it takes to 
patch. Organizations need to ramp up patch management and 
orchestration to try to close these known holes as soon as possible. 
An attack surface management solution can help organizations 
identify vulnerable internet-exposed systems and can often catch 
systems that organizations may not be aware are running on 
the network. 
Prediction #2: Unskilled Threat Actors  
Are on the Rise
Our incident responders anticipate a rise in, to put it bluntly, threat 
actors who don’t seem to know what they’re doing. Even threat actors 
who seem to have attack basics down are beginning to resort to the 
simpler versions of attacks—for example, using extortion without 
encryption rather than executing a full-blown ransomware attack.  
Cloud incidents could also rise since threat actors in the current 
environment often need to discover carelessly guarded credentials 
rather than demonstrate advanced technical skill.“Asset inventory 
is a critical part 
of cybersecurity. 
You likely won’t 
secure what you aren’t aware 
of, and you have zero visibility 
into assets you don’t manage or 
know about.”
Dan O’Day, Unit 42 Consulting Director
Case Study
Unit 42 security consultants were 
attempting to negotiate for a 
ransomware case, but the threat 
actors they needed to deal with had 
a broken chat portal and busted 
infrastructure. This left no way 
to communicate with the threat 
actors—or even to pay the ransom 
demand should the client have 
chosen to do so.
34
INCIDENT RESPONSE REPORT 2022PREDICTIONS: FOLLOW THE MONEY
Several factors could contribute to the 
phenomenon. High-profile reports of lucrative 
hacks combined with global economic pressures 
could push more people to try their hand at 
becoming cybercriminals—whether or not 
they have the technical skills. RaaS and similar 
affiliate programs could cause a flood of 
wannabes. It’s also possible that nation-state 
recruitment of skilled threat actors could leave 
spots open for novices wishing to operate more 
pedestrian scams. Even unskilled attackers, 
however, could do damage to your organization if 
they’re able to breach your systems. 
What You Can Do to Get Ahead
The good news about unskilled attackers is that 
they’re more likely to be stopped when organizations follow best 
practices and consistently introduce basic roadblocks. You can see 
this as an opportunity to reinvest in the fundamentals and ensure 
that you’re using a defense-in-depth strategy. 
Educate members of your organization about best practices to 
avoid social engineering schemes—an approach often favored 
by less technically skilled threat actors. Solidly covering the 
foundations of good cyber defense can ensure that rookie 
cybercriminals looking for a quick payout have a very frustrating 
day when they encounter your network. 
Prediction #3: Changes to Cryptocurrency Could 
Cause a Rise in Business Email and Website 
Compromises
One thing that currently contributes to the lucrative nature 
of ransomware is the prevalence and relative anonymity of 
cryptocurrency, which gives attackers a way to collect ransoms that 
avoids banks or institutions that might be able to reveal their true 
identities. Recently however, law enforcement agencies have had 
greater success tracing crypto wallets back to their true owners and 
recovering ransoms. The DOJ, for example, successfully recovered $2.3 
million in bitcoin tied to the Colonial Pipeline ransomware attack. 35
INCIDENT RESPONSE REPORT 2022PREDICTIONS: FOLLOW THE MONEY
Further, changes in the availability or stability of cryptocurrency 
undermines its utility as a means of payment.  These trends may 
incentivize threat actors to pivot back to classic fiat currency-based 
schemes. This could cause a rise in, for example, traditional credit 
card fraud (often associated with website compromise), and of 
course, BEC (already popular with threat actors). 
What You Can Do to Get Ahead
It’s important to prepare against the possibility of 
ransomware—after all, that’s the top incident type that our 
consultants see. However, don’t focus on ransomware to 
the exclusion of all else. Your organization should institute 
protections against any popular scheme that could earn threat 
actors money. In that way, you can be ready if attackers shift to 
a different favorite attack type. 
Prediction #4: Difficult Economic Times Could 
Lead More People to Leverage Cybercrime
If global economic conditions worsen, more people may be 
incentivized to try their hand at cybercrime. While this could 
mean people with some technical skills looking to make a 
quick buck during a hard time, it could also mean that people 
within organizations are more likely to explore potential deals 
with threat actors. 
Some threat actor groups have been known to offer to pay insiders 
who are willing to hand over credentials or assist with other forms 
of sabotage. When some people are struggling to make ends meet, 
those offers could be more tempting to some. 
These factors may combine with the prevalence of remote 
and hybrid work—which can make it easier for insiders to 
steal intellectual property. When working remotely for most 
organizations, simply disconnecting from the VPN is sufficient for 
preventing the organization from having insight into your traffic. 
A company might block personal email and cloud storage sites, but 
the employee can simply disconnect from the VPN and use their 
home internet to access these resources from their work computer, 
then copy company data to these personal locations.Case Study 
Unit 42 has helped organizations 
respond to multiple Lapsus$ attacks—a 
group notable for its low emphasis on 
attacks that require technical skill. The 
Lapsus$ group doesn’t employ malware 
in breached environments, doesn’t 
encrypt data and in most cases, doesn’t 
actually employ extortion. 
Instead, the group focuses on using a 
combination of stolen credentials and 
social engineering to gain access to 
organizations. We’ve also seen them 
solicit employees on Telegram for their 
login credentials at specific companies 
in industries including telecom, 
software, gaming, hosting providers, 
and call centers. 
Despite the low-tech approach, the 
group’s attacks and leaking of stolen 
data can be damaging. We’ve also 
seen destructive Lapsus$ attacks 
where the actors gained access to an 
organization’s cloud environment, 
wiped systems, and destroyed 
virtual machines.
Arrests associated with Lapsus$, 
including that of the apparent 
ringleader, involved a number of 
individuals between 16 and 21. Unit 42 
researchers assisted law enforcement 
with information on Lapsus$ threat 
actors’ activities.36
INCIDENT RESPONSE REPORT 2022PREDICTIONS: FOLLOW THE MONEY
What You Can Do to Get Ahead
Follow best practices for remote workers, including deploying 
robust endpoint detection. Make sure you are practicing the 
principle of least privilege, limiting access to sensitive data to 
those who need to have it. Consider a data loss prevention (DLP) 
solution to monitor, govern, and prevent unsafe transfers of 
sensitive data and corporate policy violations. 
To protect against insider threats from employees who leave 
your organization, revoke access to accounts promptly upon 
an employee’s departure. Integrating these processes with 
HR termination processes can help ensure these steps are not 
overlooked. Analyze data sent to personal email accounts, cloud 
storage accounts, removable storage devices and so on during the 
last 30 days prior to an employee submitting their resignation and 
continue monitoring/restricting until their employment ends.
Prediction #5: Politically Motivated Incidents  
May Rise
As hot-button political issues intensify around the globe, our incident 
response consultants believe there may be an increase in hacktivism 
and politically motivated cybercrime. This could include, for example, 
data exfiltration, likely with the purpose of sharing it publicly, website 
defacement, or other ways to make a statement. 
In some cases, threat actors may be working with nation-states or 
on the payroll of politically motivated groups, and in other cases, the 
threat actors may themselves have political motivations. 
What You Can Do to Get Ahead
In addition to following best practices to protect your network—
as you would for any cyberthreat—keep a particular eye on 
alerts from organizations such as the U.S. Cybersecurity and 
Infrastructure Security Agency (CISA). Organizations like this one 
often provide warnings about prominent attack vectors or groups 
of concern.INCIDENT RESPONSE REPORT 2022
37The cyberthreat landscape can be overwhelming. Every day brings news of more 
cyberattacks and ever-more-sophisticated attack types. Some organizations may 
not know where to start, but our security consultants have some suggestions.If You Take Any Action to 
Protect Your Organization, 
Start With These Six Things
Unit 42 security consultants take pride in 
acting as trusted advisors.  We are always looking 
for opportunities to give back to the cybersecurity 
community, and we often share key pieces of advice with 
existing and future clients. 
Our security consultants have compiled the list below 
of the most common recommendations given to clients, 
based on real-time threat intelligence and experience 
with hundreds of incident response matters. It is 
important to note that the provided recommendations 
are in no way a “silver bullet” for security. However, 
they are a starting point toward achieving a more 
robust and resilient cybersecurity program. If you aren’t 
addressing these recommendations, we advise that 
you try to incorporate them into your organization’s 
strategic roadmap. 
If you’re further along in the journey toward securing 
your organization, it’s still a good idea to double check 
to be sure you have these fundamentals in place. For 
example, in our work with BEC, we found that many 
organizations believe they’ve already taken the necessary 
steps to protect themselves. However, in 2021, Unit 42 
found that 89% of organizations that had been subject to 
BEC attacks had not turned on multifactor authentication 
(MFA) or followed email security best practices. Multifactor Authentication (MFA) 
improves on the traditional password 
authentication method by requiring 
two or more pieces of evidence for 
authentication—helping prevent 
threat actors from being able to access 
a system with stolen passwords alone. 
Additional authentication methods 
include confirmation messages sent to a 
smartphone, for example, or the use of an 
app for additional verification.
“Use multifactor 
authentication  
everywhere 
possible.” ,
Preeti D’Costa,  
Unit 42 Principal Consultant 
0938
INCIDENT RESPONSE REPORT 2022If You Take Any Action to 
Protect Your Organization, 
Start With These Six Things
Conduct phishing prevention and recurring 
employee and contractor security training.The broad domains 
and extensive reach of 
cybersecurity make it easy for 
potential gaps or deficiencies 
to fall off the radar. All it 
takes is one unrecognized 
gap for an attacker to gain a 
foothold in an organization’s 
cybersecurity infrastructure.
“Work on the basics. 
Organizations like to follow 
the news and go after the 
new ‘named’ vulnerability 
while still lacking in the 
fundamentals such as patch management  
and multifactor authentication.”
Clint Patterson, Unit 42 Principal Consultant
1
2
3
4
5
6Disable any direct external RDP access : 
ensure all external remote administration 
is conducted through an enterprise-grade 
MFA VPN.
Patch internet-exposed systems  as quickly 
as possible (given best practices for testing 
and responsible deployment) to prevent 
vulnerability exploitation.
Implement MFA  as a technical control 
and security policy for all users.
Require that all payment verification  
takes place outside of email  to ensure a 
multi-step verification process.  
Consider a credential breach detection 
service and/or attack surface management 
solution  to help track vulnerable systems 
and potential breaches.INCIDENT RESPONSE REPORT 2022
39We’ve aggregated the information gathered during our incident 
response cases to provide an in-depth view of today’s cyberthreat 
landscape, as well as what tactics threat actors may use in the future.Conclusion: Securing Your 
Organization Is a Journey, 
Not a Destination
Now, it’s up to you to determine where 
to focus your defense efforts.  We don’t 
believe it’s possible to ensure that no breach 
will ever happen, but we do know it’s possible 
to be well-prepared. 
By taking action now, you can ensure that 
your organization isn’t an easy target 
for threat actors. You can also minimize 
damage in the event of a cyberattack by 
limiting attackers’ ability to spread through 
your networks and work out ahead of time 
what your organization will need to do to 
remove threats, restore normal operations 
and recover.
Once you’ve covered the basics outlined 
previously, you can turn to the more in-depth 
recommendations that follow. First, we share 
a more detailed list of recommendations that 
can help secure your organization as a whole. 
Next, we share recommendations geared 
toward preventing common initial access 
methods and attack types, which can help 
you concentrate on mitigating the risks that 
matter most to your organization. “Remember to protect yourself 
against the hackers—not just 
the auditors.”
Dan O’Day, Unit 42 Consulting DirectorInitiate Your Response Within Minutes
The clock starts immediately when you’ve identified a 
breach. If you don’t contain the breach right away and 
determine the root cause, your adversary will be back in your 
environment again. 
With a Unit 42 Retainer,  our experts become an extension 
of your team on speed dial, helping you respond faster so 
you can minimize the impact of an attack and get back 
to business sooner. 
10INCIDENT RESPONSE REPORT 202240
Appendix: In-Depth 
Recommendations to Help 
Secure Your Organization
Once you’ve addressed our six essential 
recommendations, you can turn to the sections below 
for more comprehensive recommendations and guidance.  
The recommendations are divided into sections to help 
you focus your efforts where your organization most 
needs protection.
Recommendations to Help Make Your 
Organization as a Whole More Secure
• Regularly create and test backups ; ensure the 
backups are stored in a secure off-network location 
and are appropriately protected via physical or 
technical controls so threat actors cannot gain access 
and disable or delete backups to prevent recovery.
• Adopt account administration best practices across 
the organization , including requiring unique and 
complex passwords that are at least 15 characters in 
length so they cannot be easily brute forced.
• Implement a password management solution  to 
enable employees to manage complex passwords 
more effectively.
• Prevent the use of default accounts and passwords .Password Tips to Help 
Prevent Compromise
One of the easiest ways for threat actors to perform 
unauthorized actions is if they can gain access to 
authorized credentials. Because of this, strong 
passwords are of paramount importance. While 
passwords should be augmented with MFA wherever 
possible, we recommend the following best practices 
to strengthen password security: 
• Require that default passwords be changed.
• Passwords should be at least 15 characters 
in length.
• Passwords should include both uppercase and 
lowercase letters.
• Passwords should include numbers.
• Passwords should include special characters.
• Individuals should be educated about the dangers 
of reusing passwords in multiple contexts. 
• Provide a password management solution to 
enable employees to manage complex passwords 
more effectively.41
INCIDENT RESPONSE REPORT 2022APPENDIX
• Integrate MFA for all remote access, internet-
accessible, and business email accounts to greatly 
reduce the organization’s attack surface. To prevent 
threat actors from circumventing MFA, disable 
legacy authentications/protocols and confirm that 
MFA is not only deployed, but that employees are 
also using it correctly.
• Remember to implement MFA internally.  Too 
often, after authenticating MFA once, a user can 
bounce around the network without needing to 
re-verify MFA, even when moving to a system 
with a different trust level (e.g., from workstation 
to server). 
• Consider using single-sign-on (SSO) platforms for 
web applications.
• Leverage EDR or XDR solutions,  and ensure your 
security operations team understands how to 
utilize this technology in order to maintain full 
visibility across the network. 
• Patch management is critical  for operating 
systems and on-premises applications; APT 
actors will move very quickly to capitalize on 
vulnerabilities. While it’s still necessary to test 
patches in non-production environments and 
follow best practices for responsible deployment, 
organizations must prioritize speed as well. 
Address new published vulnerabilities as quickly as 
due diligence allows.
• Identify your organization’s critical and most 
valuable assets.  This should include conducting 
an inventory of critical assets to understand where 
your highest-value targets are and if they require 
any additional protection.
• Regularly review Active Directory for newly 
created accounts, mailboxes, and unrecognized 
group policy objects.• Maintain a log retention repository  and regularly 
review all logs and login attempts for any unusual 
behavioral patterns. Ensure that logs are stored 
for the appropriate amount of time to fulfill any 
legal or regulatory obligations. Our consultants 
recommend a bare minimum of 90 days, though 
some we surveyed recommend a year or more—as 
long as possible.
• Leverage log aggregation systems , such as a 
security information and event management 
(SIEM) system, to increase log retention, 
integrity, and availability. 
• Conduct regular security awareness training 
for all users , including contractors, on a yearly 
basis. Also consider utilizing a trusted training 
platform that allows you to incorporate custom 
goals and objectives into the training curriculum. 
• Avoid utilizing a flat network : segregate 
networks and Active Directories, segmenting 
sensitive data, and leverage secure virtual local 
area networks (VLANs).
• Understand where sensitive data lives  and 
implement strong access controls to protect that 
data; monitor and audit access regularly. Limit 
sensitive data access to only those who need it 
within your organization and with third parties. “My proudest moments 
come when the client 
is able to restore their 
systems so they can 
resume business operations.”
Danielle Lopez, Unit 42 Senior Consultant
42
INCIDENT RESPONSE REPORT 2022APPENDIX
• Have an incident response and remediation 
plan : Incidents may occur despite best efforts, so 
have a tested, comprehensive plan to ensure fast 
action should an incident occur. If you have cyber 
insurance (recommended), be sure to integrate the 
policy’s key processes and contacts into the plan.
• Follow a defense-in-depth approach , 
implementing safeguards at each layer of the 
web application stack. While the list can be long, 
it can include, for example, web application 
firewalls, operating system hardening, 
application input controls (e.g., parameterization, 
validation), file integrity monitoring, least-
privileged user accounts for database access and 
industry-standard encryption.
• When implementing open source code, research 
it to understand whether it has any published 
vulnerabilities ; only use code that is vetted 
and patched. Code scanners may help identify 
vulnerabilities in open-source software. A 
recent industry movement to embrace the 
use of software bills of materials —lists of all 
the components, libraries and modules that 
go into building a piece of software—could 
also make it easier to determine whether 
vulnerabilities lie within a piece of software your 
organization is using. 
• Conduct regular web application/code reviews 
and annual penetration testing  for all public-
facing infrastructure to search for vulnerabilities; 
follow remediation recommendations.
• Run periodic scans that include configuration 
checks  and perform regular system audits to 
detect misconfigurations. Open source scanning 
tools are available to help. For example, there are 
open source tools to identify leaked information 
from misconfigured IAM  or find vulnerabilities 
during build-time in infrastructure as code . • Upgrade from Server Message Block Version 
1 to limit adversaries from using the inherent 
file sharing protocol to move laterally within 
your systems.
• Implement change control protocols  that require 
review and sign-off on configuration changes.
• Disable administrative interfaces and access to 
debugging tools  for anyone whose job role does 
not require them.
• Configure servers to prevent unauthorized 
access and directory listings . Enforce strong 
access controls.
• Configure security settings in your development 
environment  according to best practices .
• Implement full-disk encryption for laptops and 
removable devices . Also have a contingency plan 
to disable lost or stolen devices. 
• Implement and utilize mobile device 
management applications  that have the 
capability to locate and/or remotely wipe devices.
• Give your employees a way to conduct their 
business legitimately;  simply blocking certain 
vectors will result in creative workarounds that 
you’ll likely miss.
• Establish a DLP program responsible for 
classifying and tagging data and providing alerts 
when sensitive or other company-identified 
relevant information is leaving the organization.
• Should an employee be terminated, act quickly 
to revoke their access (e.g., active sessions, 
tokens, accounts, MFA devices and rotating 
credentials), and then verify that access has been 
revoked. Ensure you preserve their system and 
data in case an investigation is needed. Coupling 
account revocation processes with HR processes 
can help ensure these steps are not overlooked 
during the termination process.43
INCIDENT RESPONSE REPORT 2022APPENDIX
• Consider purchasing domains based on 
common spelling errors or variations of your 
organization’s name. This can make it harder for 
threat actors to impersonate your organization. 
• Limit the use of privileged accounts  to only 
when there is a valid business valid need or a 
user requires a privileged account in order to 
complete their job task, and do not reuse local 
administrator account passwords. This will 
assist in preventing initial access by attackers, 
privilege escalation and lateral movement across 
the network.
Recommendations to Prevent  
Phishing Attacks
• Utilize trusted training vendors or platforms  
that allow for custom curricula tailored to the 
organization and employee roles and that takes 
into account the fast-evolving nature of threat 
actor methodologies.
• Create a “security awareness culture.” It is 
essential that company leaders buy into the 
importance of cybersecurity, support and 
promote richer cyber training programs, and 
emphasize security in company communications.
• Tailor web-based modules customized to 
individual groups pertinent to their roles  
and how they may be specifically targeted so 
employees can better spot and avoid tactics that 
may be used against them.
• Track leading performance indicators for 
your phishing tests  so you can adjust phishing 
content and difficulty based on the needs of 
the organization.
• Develop comprehensive training that includes— 
and goes beyond—phishing and spear phishing. 
Include other social engineering concerns that 
involve physical security, industry best practices 
against device loss, insider threat indicators, etc.• Gamify security training to better engage 
employees  by setting goals, rules for reaching 
the goals, rewards or incentives, feedback 
mechanisms and leaderboards (organizations can 
compete against each other).
• Hold across-the-board training annually  and a 
mid-year “refresh” that builds on specific areas 
of emphasis, such as advanced techniques for 
all employees.
• Adopt advanced phishing protection/machine 
learning solutions o r other third-party 
solutions to detect and deter sophisticated 
phishing campaigns.
• Use anti-spoofing and email authentication 
techniques,  such as Sender Policy Framework (SPF).
• Consider blocking account logins based on 
geographic regions if not needed for normal 
business operations.
• Make it easy for users to report suspected 
phishing email;  promptly review and take action 
on such messages. 
• Visually alert users concerning attachments 
from external senders.  This may help identify 
spoofed domains that appear similar to the 
company’s domain. 
• Leverage email security solutions  that scan 
attachments and message contents as well as 
assess sender reputation. 
“Organizations should 
assume that phishing will 
get through at least some 
of the time and users 
will engage. Plan around 
minimizing the impact.”
Clint Patterson, Unit 42 Principal Consultant
44
INCIDENT RESPONSE REPORT 2022APPENDIX
• Many users have an unnecessary volume 
of unencrypted sensitive information in 
their email accounts. Simply not having this 
information in the account would significantly 
limit the scope of a potential breach should an 
unauthorized party obtain access. Encourage 
users to store information of this type via a file 
share with role-based access controls rather than 
simply in email. 
Patching Recommendations to  
Keep Your Organization’s Systems  
Up to Date
• Inventory all IT assets  (including storage, 
switches, laptops, etc.) across the entire 
distributed organization through automated 
discovery tools to get a clear picture of what you 
have to manage.
• Prioritize your patching needs.  Determine which 
vulnerabilities represent high, medium, or low 
risk, and their level of priority for the business 
according to your organizational risk tolerance:
 −Supplement that list by researching 
vulnerabilities for all operating systems, 
applications, etc., and add those to your list of 
priorities to address every month.
 −Any vulnerabilities that have published PoC 
code should be considered in the “high” risk 
category to fix.
• Test your patches in a development QA 
environment  to ensure they won’t “break the 
system” once deployed into production.
• Have a schedule for deploying patches regularly.  
For some companies, that may only be once 
a month. However, ensure you are able to 
deploy high-priority patches out of cycle when 
necessary (such as those for which PoCs have 
been published).
• Once patches are deployed, monitor them for 
stability.  This may also include monitoring your 
network for stability.
• Remove systems that are running on operating 
systems that are no longer supported.Recommendations to Secure Your 
Cloud Environment
• Periodically evaluate what data is accessible or 
exposed on the public-facing internet. 
• Leverage expertise in cloud security, per 
platform. Managing security in the cloud 
requires expertise catered to the nuances of each 
platform. The more complex the platform, the 
more plentiful the opportunities for errors that 
can inadvertently disclose data. 
• Ensure users with cloud control access are fully 
trained in each cloud environment.
• Evaluate your options for managed security 
services , if you do not have the in-house 
expertise, or your cloud estate is particularly 
complex and in a continual state of change.  
• Control access to the cloud environment. 
Access to cloud controls such as CSP consoles, 
application programming interfaces (APIs), and 
command-line interfaces in the cloud should 
be restricted to only those who need it. Such 
role-based access control (RBAC) is essential 
to minimizing risks of configuration and other 
security errors. 
• Use MFA for authorized users  as well as 
certificates and digital signatures.
• Separate administrative and user credentials  and 
limit everyday users to production environments.
• Implement allow listing where possible , 
to further limit access to known and 
trusted endpoints.
• Know what data you have in the cloud and where 
it is.  Regularly audit your cloud data to know what 
sensitive data you have and where it’s located. 
• Encrypt sensitive data (at a minimum),  segment 
it, provide access using RBAC and rotate keys 
regularly. Evaluate whether maintaining 
keys with the cloud provider or within your 
organization is the best option for you, but ensure 
you have a key security policy that limits key 
access and exposure to risk.45
INCIDENT RESPONSE REPORT 2022APPENDIX
Want help preparing for an incident? Call in the experts. 
If you have specific concerns about any of the incident types discussed here, believe 
you may be under attack; or want tailored recommendations for putting together an 
incident response plan or taking other proactive measures—we’d be happy to help. 
Please contact us.  
The Unit 42 Incident Response team  is available 24/7, year-round. If you have cyber 
insurance, you can request Unit 42 by name. You can also take preventive steps by 
requesting any of our cyber risk management services . • Ensure file-level operations are logged. It’s important to have visibility 
into all historical access and creation/deletion events. Some CSPs don’t 
automatically log these events, and logging must be turned on. We 
recommend ensuring that appropriate logging tools are activated in 
cloud environments.
Recommendations to Prevent Business Email Compromise
• Include training on how to identify and manage fraudulent financial 
requests, especially if the request appears to be coming from a valid email 
address of a colleague—or even a superior.
• To mitigate the primary method of BEC fraud , ensure that financial 
wire transfer verification steps are conducted through non-email 
communication channels (e.g., text messages, voice phone calls).
• Limit the number of employees authorized to approve wire transfers  and 
provide additional training for authorized employees.
• Implement blocking or alerting for auto-forwarding rules  that forward 
messages externally.
• Create custom retention tags for email  that: automatically move older 
items to archive; delete items older than a certain age (e.g., five years); and 
permanently delete items no longer needed (e.g., those older than seven 
years) from both primary and archive mailboxes. Keep in mind, however, 
that archival policies should align with compliance requirements.
• Disable legacy authentication (e.g., single-factor POP , IMAP , or 
SMTP AUTH).
• Enable enhanced and granular audit logging to increase visibility into 
potentially unauthorized activities.
• Configure and enable a DLP solution  to prevent users from accidentally (or 
intentionally) sharing sensitive information.46
INCIDENT RESPONSE REPORT 2022In creating this report, we reviewed the 
findings from a selection of approximately 
600 incident response cases Unit 42 
completed between May 2021 and April 2022. 
These cases included examples of BEC, ransomware, 
insider threat, nation-state espionage, network 
intrusions, and inadvertent disclosures. Our clients 
spanned the range from small businesses and 
organizations with fewer than 50 personnel to Fortune 
500 companies and government organizations with 
greater than 50,000 employees. 
While the majority of cases were located in the U.S., 
the threat actors conducting attacks were located 
worldwide, targeting businesses, organizations and 
IT infrastructure globally. We supplemented our 
case data with in-depth interviews with experienced 
security consultants to gather anecdotal and narrative 
insights from their work with clients in specific areas 
of expertise. Our recommendations and observations 
are based on areas where threat actors were largely 
successful; as such, the lessons themselves have broad 
applicability regardless of region or industry.Methodology47
INCIDENT RESPONSE REPORT 2022Every minute an attack remains 
unresolved costs you money and can 
damage your reputation. With Unit 42 
incident response experts by your side, you 
will jumpstart your investigation and take 
advantage of our experience responding to 
thousands of incidents similar to yours. With 
our threat intelligence informed approach to 
incident response and advanced tools across 
endpoint, network, and cloud, we provide 
lightning-fast containment to minimize the 
impact on your business. 
Unit 42’s average response time—how long it 
takes us to make initial contact after receiving 
a request for assistance—is well under 15 
minutes. Once called in, we work quickly to 
understand the full scope of the intrusion, 
which systems are impacted, and what security 
actions have already been taken so we can 
quickly contain the incident. We follow a proven methodology: 
Scope
For an accurate understanding of the incident, we know 
it’s critical to get the scoping phase right. This allows us 
to align the right resources and skill sets to get you back 
on your feet as quickly as possible, and to accurately 
estimate the level of effort needed to assist you. 
Investigate
We then work to fully understand the incident as we 
investigate what happened, leveraging the available 
data and working alongside your team. 
Secure
As the incident is contained and the threat actor and 
their tools are eradicated from your environment, we 
concurrently assist your organization with rapidly 
restoring operations.
Support and Report
Unit 42 will also assist you in understanding the root 
cause and potential impact of the incident, including 
any unauthorized access or acquisition of sensitive 
information that may trigger legal obligations. 
Transform
We believe a key step in incident response is helping 
ensure an improved security posture going forward. 
We work with you to apply specific improvements that 
will help protect against future and similar attacks.Unit 42  
Incident Response 
Methodology
Learn more about Unit 42  
Incident Response services .
Define  
engagement scope
Assess the breadth, 
severity and nature of 
the security incident.SCOPE
Fully understand the 
incident
Our experts use 
advanced tools for 
evidence collection, 
detection and analysis 
to flag IoCs, TTPs and 
other clues.INVESTIGATE
Contain and 
eradicate
We remove the threat 
with custom eradication 
strategies and provide 
24/7 monitoring against 
new malicious activity.SECURE
Findings and response 
assistance
Get a detailed investigation 
report as well as guidance 
in implementing additional 
security controls while you 
get back on your feet.SUPPORT & REPORT
Improve your 
security posture
Use lessons learned 
and apply specific 
improvements to your 
security approach to 
protect against future 
and similar attacks.TRANSFORM
THREAT INTELLIGENCE48
INCIDENT RESPONSE REPORT 2022About Palo Alto Networks
Palo Alto Networks is the world’s cybersecurity leader. We innovate 
to outpace cyberthreats, so organizations can embrace technology 
with confidence. We provide next-gen cybersecurity to thousands of 
customers globally, across all sectors. Our best-in-class cybersecurity 
platforms and services are backed by industry-leading threat 
intelligence and strengthened by state-of-the-art automation. 
Whether deploying our products to enable the Zero Trust Enterprise, 
responding to a security incident, or partnering to deliver better 
security outcomes through a world-class partner ecosystem, we’re 
committed to helping ensure each day is safer than the one before. It’s 
what makes us the cybersecurity partner of choice. 
At Palo Alto Networks, we’re committed to bringing together the very 
best people in service of our mission, so we’re also proud to be the 
cybersecurity workplace of choice, recognized among Newsweek’s 
Most Loved Workplaces (2021), Comparably Best Companies for 
Diversity (2021), and HRC Best Places for LGBTQ Equality (2022). For 
more information, visit www.paloaltonetworks.com .
Palo Alto Networks has shared these findings, including file samples 
and indicators of compromise, with our fellow Cyber Threat Alliance 
members. CTA members use this intelligence to rapidly deploy 
protections to their customers and systematically disrupt malicious 
cyber actors. Visit the Cyber Threat Alliance  for more information.
About Unit 42
Palo Alto Networks Unit 42 brings together world-renowned threat 
researchers, elite incident responders and expert security consultants 
to create an intelligence-driven, response-ready organization 
that’s passionate about helping you proactively manage cyber risk. 
Together, our team serves as your trusted advisor to help assess 
and test your security controls against the right threats, transform 
your security strategy with a threat-informed approach and respond 
to incidents in record time so that you get back to business faster. 
Visit paloaltonetworks.com/unit42 .49
INCIDENT RESPONSE REPORT 2022Palo Alto Networks Prevent, 
Detect, and Respond Capabilities
Recommended products
Advanced Threat Prevention
WildFire
Advanced URL Filtering
DNS Security
SaaS Security
IoT Security
Next-Generation Firewalls
Virtual Firewalls
Cloud NGFW for AWS
Containerized Firewalls  Recommended products
Cortex Xpanse
ZTNA 2.0PREVENT
Secure Access and Minimize  
the Attack Surface
Combine fine-grained, least- privileged access 
with continuous trust verification and deep, 
ongoing security inspection to protect all users, 
devices, apps, and data everywhere. Secure 
access to implement a system of record to track 
every asset, system, and service you own that 
is on the public internet, including RDP—a 
common initial attack vector.
Prevent Known and  
Unknown Threats
To stay ahead of fast-moving and evasive 
threats, ML-powered security stops known, 
unknown and zero-day threats in real time 
to eliminate the initial victim and any future 
targets across the attack lifecycle.  Seamlessly 
integrated with Palo Alto Networks’ Next-
Generation Firewalls, our Cloud-delivered 
Security Services coordinate intelligence to 
across all traffic, applications, devices and 
users to provide best-in-class protection from 
exploits, malware, ransomware, malicious 
websites, phishing, spyware, and command and 
control (C2) and DNS threats.50
INCIDENT RESPONSE REPORT 2022PALO ALTO NETWORKS PREVENT, DETECT, AND RESPOND CAPABILITIES
Recommended products
Cortex XDR
WildFire
Recommended products
Cloud Workload Protection  
Cloud Code Security  
Cloud Network Security DETECT
Detect Threats in Real Time
To safeguard any enterprise, detecting and 
blocking exploits and evasive attacks with swift 
resolution is essential. Cortex XDR® uses machine 
learning to profile behavior and detect anomalies 
indicative of attack. WildFire® utilizes near 
real-time analysis to detect previously unseen, 
targeted malware and advanced persistent 
threats, keeping your organization protected.
Secure Cloud Workloads
Palo Alto Networks helps ensure that all cloud 
infrastructure, Kubernetes, and container images 
are securely configured, and steps have been 
taken to minimize vulnerabilities by: 
• Detecting and remediating vulnerabilities 
and misconfigurations in code repositories, 
container images, and infrastructure as code 
from DevOps tools.
• Detecting vulnerabilities and 
misconfigurations in hosts, containers, and 
serverless functions from build to deploy 
to run.
• Segmenting services.51
INCIDENT RESPONSE REPORT 2022PALO ALTO NETWORKS PREVENT, DETECT, AND RESPOND CAPABILITIES
RESPOND
Stop Lateral Movement and Data Leakage
Threat actors, including ransomware actors, must establish 
command-and-control and will then typically move laterally 
after initial exploitation,. Acting on objectives will often end in 
sensitive data extraction. Palo Alto Networks:
• Blocks 96% of unknown web-based malleable command 
and control as well as all known C2 
• Stops DNS-based attacks with 40% greater coverage of 
threats typically used in data exfiltration attempts that 
specifically exploit the DNS protocol.
• Provides visibility into and segments IoT, OT, IT, and 
Bluetooth devices.
• Automatically detects and prevents many types of unsafe 
transfers of sensitive data against corporate policies.
Automate Response
Consider implementing tools that support the automated 
remediation of events that leverage pre-made playbooks to 
respond and recover from incidents.
Reduce Response Time with Retainers
When an attack occurs, there is a material threat to your 
business. It is critical to take swift action before the incident 
escalates. With a Unit 42 retainer  in place, you can make our 
incident response experts extensions of your team on speed dial. 
You won’t engage in a frantic search for resources either because 
you will have an assigned point of contact with knowledge of 
your environment and dedicated communication channels for 
engaging the team. As a result, you can respond faster and more 
accurately should an incident occur to minimize the impact and 
get you back to business sooner.Recommended products
XSOAR Ransomware Playbooks
XSOAR Marketplace  contains many 
other playbooks related to incident 
types discussed in this report.Recommended products
Advanced Threat Prevention
DNS Security
Enterprise Data Loss Prevention
Identity-Based Microsegmentation3000 Tannery Way
Santa Clara, CA 95054
Main: +1.408.753.4000
Sales: +1.866.320.4788
Support: +1.866.898.9087
www.paloaltonetworks.com© 2022 Palo Alto Networks, Inc. Palo Alto Networks is a registered  trademark of Palo Alto Networks. A list of our trademarks can be found 
at https://www.paloaltonetworks.com/company/trademarks.html . All other marks mentioned herein may be trademarks of their respective 
companies. 2022 Unit 42 Incident Response Report 07/2022
